Brian - a wanna be charmer, he's not the Messiah he's just a very, very naughty boy.
Progress goes so fast that you have to run like everything to stay where you are.
Freedom of speech is wonderful - right up there with the freedom not to listen.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs... but not downstairs.
Whitetail deer hunting, turkey hunting, trophy fishing, camping, organic vegetable gardening, raising livestock and other resources for outdoor adventure.
He's always late, his ancestors arrived on the June Flower.
ERROR 6F35: Enter any 12-digit prime number to continue.
Praise ignorance, for what man has not encountered, he has not destroyed. - W.
Use nonstick vegetable oil to stop squeaks on door hinges.
I must have told you a thousand times not to exaggerate.
Space is a dangerous place...especially if it's between your ears!
While being interviewed, wise old King Solomon was asked why he had 1000 wives.
Patience is a virtue, but persistence to the point of success is a blessing.
Don't touch it! It's the history eraser button you fool!
URA Redneck if the primary color of your car is bondo.
Vote Democrat ---- The country isn't screwed up enough yet..
Never use a long word when a diminutive one will do.
Eat Canadian lamb...40,000 coyotes cant be wrong!
There is silence....and then BANG! A shot is heard.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it!
When a wife was asked: What book do you like the best?
Timex Condoms: It takes a licking and keeps on ticking.
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
The greater the ignorance the greater the dogmatism.
Always be nice to those younger than you, because they are the ones who will be writing about you.
The buck does funny things when the does are present.
Terminal illness ........................... D.I.A.
Ouch! - Lawyers ain't that bad . . . it's just that "Criminal Lawyer" is a redundancy.
It is better to give than receive (Just like Christmas).
You're just talking out your ass because your mouth knows better.
The speed you respond to a fight in progress is inversely proportional to how long you have been an officer.
Paranoid: someone who just figured out what's going on.
Guilt feelings are the attempt to express the good intentions you never really had.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Parents,GrandparentsKids-2Pages!
Hungry? Click here for our 'Recipe of the Day' pages.
Y did the jelly baby go 2 school? Cuz he wanted to be a smarty.
Please excuse Jimmy for being. It was his father's fault.
Sign on a clothing store - Come inside and have a fit.
Where do you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him.
NOTHING BEATS THE GREAT SMELL OF BRUT - then why not use nothing?
Thou shalt not walk in on a dinner party and commence licking thy butt.
If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why isn't it #1?
In an otherwise vacant locker room, the only other person will have the locker right next to yours.
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
What u call dog with no legs? Don't matter wot u call him, he ain't gonna come.
Caution: In the absence of Wo, this element rapidly decomposes and begins to smell.
Some people wish to get what they deserve, while others fear the same.
To get to the diffuser bar in time for happy hour.
ACTION: Find someone who will buy you another beer.
The most popular labor-saving device is still money.
You may not realize it, but this is a subliminal one liner.
You know you should go to sleep when the sheep your counting start to hit the fence.
My daughter was absent yesterday because she was tired. She spent a weekend with the Marines.
When they first invented the clock, how did they know what time it was to set it to?
CURSOR: What you become when your system crashes.
At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go into the same bag.
With one chess move, I sold the farm and bought the farm, all in one transaction.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
It got too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter.
Ever had a loaded weapon pointed at you.....Keep honking.
Ever noticed how fast Windows runs ? Neither did I !
The grass is always greener on the other side, until you jump the fence and see the weeds up close.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
There are currently, 5 guest(s) and 0 member(s) that are online.
If you object to logging, try using plastic toilet paper.
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't more people happy?
Isn't saying no comment making a comment?
What's dumber, expecting educators to be entertaining, or expecting entertainment to be educational?
Just "before" someone gets nervous, do they experience cocoons in their stomach?
A user will find any interface design intuitive...with enough practice.
Your lucky number is 364958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Yes, it is true... and you know what else? You know that brass droid of yours?
Death means nothing! There is no end! I will be reborn!
Introducing "LITE" - the new way to spell "LIGHT" with 20% fewer letters!
It's not just the ups and downs that make life difficult. It's the jerks.
What would have happened if Kuwait's main product was broccoli?
Next time, why don't you try waving with all your fingers.
I've got some powdered water, but I don't know what to add.
How do they get the Keep off the Grass sign on the grass?
Why are people overwhelmed but never just whelmed?
COMICCORNER-FeaturingCartoonists!
No prizes for predicting rain. Prizes only awarded for building arks.
A dog's sense of smell is 20 times stronger than a person's.
I went to San Francisco. I found someone's heart.
An egotist thinks he's in the groove when he's really in a rut.
ASSEMBLY LANGUAGE PROGRAMMERS prefer to execute Algorithm A on their hands and knees.
After a hard day, it's nice to come home to a warm cat.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Golden rule of deriving: never trust any result that was proved after 11pm.
God is dead, but fifty thousand social workers have risen to take his place.
Give 'til it hurts... then have your accountant calculate the write- off.
The hell with the prime directive, let's kill something.
A cynic is someone who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Anything you purchase will get stuck and hang on the edge of the rack.
The statement You sound like a broken record means nothing to them.
Where do forest rangers go to 'get away from it all?
An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.
Well .. It could be worse: It could be raining .. and we could be out in it.
Screw the bitch, she can do the dishes in the dark.
Two says: five hundred thousand bees now. Two hives.
What are "dual-purpose cattle" good for that other cattle aren't?
Why isn't "palindrome" spelled "palindromeemordnilap"?
Here you can see the 1,614 different one-liners included with the program.
Why did the vampire go to the orthodontist? To improve his bite!
The lawyer immediately grabbed his cell phone, dialed 911, and within minutes a policeman pulled up.
He explained that he went over to the cow pasture but could not find his ball.
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
A weapon will rarely, if ever, be used in the role for which is was designed.
We challenge you! Our armpits are stronger than yours!
If you have a good hand, you don't need a partner.
Is there ever a time at the Bureau of Missing Persons when no one is there?
Once we have the bugs ironed out we'll be running on flat bugs.
The bullets were souvenir salt and pepper shakers.
Whats the definitoin of suspicion? A nun doing pressups in a cucumber field.
You consider coffee one of the most important things in life.
Jone's Motto: Friends come and go but enemies accumulate.
God must love stupid people. He made so many of them.
My neighbor has a circular driveway . . . he can't get out.
He who don't like cats don't like pets smarter than they.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away?
Is your name Maple Syrup? - Well, it damn well should be, you sap!
If you think I'm a lousy driver, wait until you see me putt.
When it comes to humility, I'm the best there is.
The Biggest Game in Town: What was signed to bring World War 1 to an end?
If love is blind, is lingerie considered Braille?
A friend of mine drove in a complete circle on a street, because one U-turn deserves another.
Some drink at the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle.
I'm not a liar. He just arranges the truth in his favor.
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot!
Some people would not recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
You know you're getting on in years when the girls at the office start confiding in you.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
The king wisely had the computer scientist beheaded, and they all lived happily ever after.
Why do "fat chance" and "slim chance" mean the same thing?
Lorenz's Law of Mechanical Repair: After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch.
You really encourage an obnoxious parent to check into charter schools or home schooling.
The early bird who catches the worm usually works for someone who comes in late and owns the worm farm.
I was in the first submarine. Instead of a periscope, they had a kaleidoscope. We're surrounded!
Don't do today that which can be put off till tomorrow.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.I subport publik edjekashun.
I've got the body of a god......unfortunately it's Buddha.
IN PRISON........You can watch TV and play games.
Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.
She got a terrible headache and told her husband to go to the party alone.
I saw a sign that said "seeing eye dogs only" who is supposed to read this? the dog?
ON THE BOX OF A CLOCKWORK MADE IN HONG KONG: Guaranteed to work throughout its useful life.
Everything hurts ... and what doesn't don't work.
You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Experience is a wonderful thing. It enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
You never realize how short a month is until you pay alimony.
The tower promptly cleared PSA fortakeoff before United had a chance to object to the impersonation.
Please excuse Lisa for being absent. She was sick and I had her shot.
You don't have to be a cannibal to be fed up with people.
Of all the things I lost, I miss my mind the most...
Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to use earplugs?
This is Teacher Appreciation Week, isn't it? I didn't want to burden you on your week.
My body is a temple - with ample parking in the rear.
I've never liked morticians, they all just want me for my body.
Procrastination is like a credit card. It's a lot of fun til you get the bill.
Parts that are difficult to install will freely fall out on their own.
We occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of us pick ourselves up and hurry on as if nothing happened.
This site does not host or receive funding from advertising.
When the police arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?
You're certainly attentive tonight = Is sex all you ever think about?
So they don't have to hold their stomachs in any more.
Drugs cause amnesia and other things I can't remember.
IN A CZECHOSLOVAKIAN TOURIST AGENCY: Take one of our horse-driven city tours-we guarantee no miscarriages.
I'M JUST ONE BIG F#RAY OF SUNSHINE AREN'T I?
Thank God for the IRS - Without them I'd be stinking rich!
The latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
Due to Budget Constraints light at end of tunnel is off!
What goes around, comes around...and will whack you on the back of the head when it does.
Money wouldn't be so important if everybody didn't want some.
There is only one beautiful boy in the world, and every mother has one.
If someone forgets to invite you to something, he or she can still be your friend.
Some people climb the ladder of success. My Boss walked under it.
Mostly of value to computer geeks. Or computer geek wanna-bes.
It takes about ten years to get used to how old you are.
Just remember...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
I've to say NO to the good so I can say YES to the best.
An 85 year old man was having his annual checkup and the doctor asked him how he was feeling.
HAVEAWONDERFULDAYANDAGOODLIFE!!!
Where there is a will, there is an Inheritance Tax.
My weight is perfect for my height - which varies.
Arrggghhhh! My fortune cookie contradicted my horoscope!
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
The severity of the itch is directly proportional to your ability to reach it.
If you are not part of the solution, you are part of the precipitate.
I don't know what I want, but I do know I don't have it.
Grandchildren are God's reward for not killing your children.
WINDOWS! From the same people who brought us EDLIN!
Women will always ask questions that have no right answer, in an effort to trap you into feeling guilty.
You know all the answers but nobody asks you any questions.
If at first you don't succeed, blame your computer.
I'm all for computer dating, But I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
Lettin' the cat outta the bag is a lots easier 'n puttin' it back in.
If you mixed vodka with orange juice and milk of magnesia, would you get a Philips Screwdriver?
WARNING! Driver only carries $20.00 in ammunition.
I wouldn't recommend sex, drugs or insanity for everyone, but they've always worked for me.
A small object that is accidentally dropped will hide.
I went to a museum that had all the heads and arms from the statues in all the other museums.
I really think the Mars Rover is scouting for the next Wal-Mart Superstore site.
Electric chairs are period furniture; they end a sentence.
If aspirins are always Take Two, why not increase the size of ONE?
One often learns more from ten days of agony than from ten years of contentment.
It is not how much we do, but how much love we put into doing it.
Californians - Four. One to screw in the bulb and three to share the experience.
I'm having a lot of fun with the imperfect ones!
That was a pointing device? My cat thought it was dinner.
Vegetarians eat vegetables - I'm an humanitarian...
If you're dyslexic and cross-eyed, can you see ok?
I never believe anything until it's been officially denied.
The moving cat sheds, and having shed, moves on...
Virus check complete. All viruses functioning normally.
The following are the top three winners of a Most Embarrassing Moments Contest in New Woman Magazine.
Learning makes people fit company for themselves.
If 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea, does that mean that 1 out of 5 enjoys it?
We could all take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Why is it called a guinea pig when it's not a pig and not from Guinea?
She's been married so many times she has rice marks on her face.
Anybody can win - unless there happens to be a second entry.
After you're born again, do you have two bellybuttons?
If conjoined twins participate in sports, do they count as one or two players?
Strange but true: It is illegal to gargle in public in Louisiana.
Wenn Windows 95 die Antwort ist, wie bld ist dann die Frage gewesen?
Cocain is God's way of telling you you make too much money.
May you all make it (healthily) to 100 and a half!!!
If you don't change your direction, you may end up where you were headed.
You got a face only a mother could love...unfortunately she too hates it!
Catherine - attracted to the older man, needs ironing.
A 16-year-old girl bought herself a very tiny bikini.
Speak kind words and you will hear wonderful echoes.
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
Love is a fire. Whether it will warm your heart or burn down your house, you can never tell.
Your primary care physician is wearing the pants you gave to Goodwill last month.
Nothing is quite so annoying as to have someone go right on talking when you're interrupting.
DEFINITION: Input - Food, beverages, painkillers, stimulants, etc.
Classic: A book which people praise, but do not read.
The second day of a diet is always easier than the first ... by the second day you're off it.
Kentucky: Five Million People, Fifteen Last Names.
Why don't they have tea breaks in the public service?
What do you get when you cross ESP with PMS? A bitch who knows everything.
If Santa Claus had a father, was there a Grandfather Clause?
However the modem comes set from the factory, it will be the WRONG way to work on your machine.
A man goes ice fishing, takes out an auger and starts drilling.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? Elephino.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
Houseguests, like fish, stink after the third day.
Then -- dead mice in the kitchen. Now -- dead third world dictators in the basement.
It's best for employers that I not work with people.
Support the Mental Health Program or I'll kill you.
Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly as one man.
Four men were bragging about how smart their dogs are.
The money is always greener in the other guy's wallet.
Jim - sweet, has fantasies of love and affection.
If you drink a diet soda with a candy bar, they cancel each other out.
If the opposite of pro is con, then what must be the opposite of progress?
A phone call costs less than you think. Soon it'll cost more than you believe.
As soon as the stewardess serves the coffee, the airline encounters turbulence.
Why don't cannibals eat comedians? Because they taste funny.
All men make mistakes but married men find out about them sooner.
Interviewees, despite not having the relevant knowledge or experience, terminate the interview when told of the starting salary.
Wellhung: Now I'm unbuttoning your blouse.My hands are trembling.
To know recursion, you must first know recursion.
Nothing says you care like a gummi bear. Or a bag thereof.
You have drinking glasses made of steel, the rim of which can cut your mouth if you're not careful.
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
Every day more money is printed for monopoly than for the US Treasury.
If those who know won't say, then those who don't know will say.
Why do they put bells on cows? Because their horns don't work!
Get Your Biscuits In The Oven And Your Buns In The Bed.
If you can't beat em', arrange to have them beaten.
What do you call a New Zealander with 200 wives?
Things are more like they used to be than they are now!
Your company's welcome sign is attached with Velcro.
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted.
If everything seems to be coming your way, you're probably in the wrong lane.
When the paramedics arrived, they helped him regain consciousness and asked if he knew what caused him to faint.
Remember when safe sex was not getting caught in the act?
Never deprive someone of hope; it may be all they have.
Melted fruit snacks found on Keyboard. Delete nephew [Y/N]?
Drugs may lead to nowhere, but at least it's a scenic route.
If you're living like there is no God, you'd better hope you're right.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
You've got to be trusted by the people that you lie to.
A man who lives in a glass house should change in the basement.
Notably absent from home during surprise feline invasion of Poland.
If at first we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
All the brains are not under your own hat - go easy in criticising others.
Earl won 1st prize, a year's supply of gourmet spaghetti sauce and extra long spaghetti.
The toes you step on today may be attached to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is, it's always room temperature.
In their feet. Because when they stand on you, you're fucked.
There's no game like golf: you go out with three friends, play eighteen holes, and return with three enemies.
There's no education in the second kick of a mule.
It is nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
To his dog, every man is Napoleon. Hence the constant popularity of dogs.
By the time I realized my parents were right, I had kids that didn't believe me.
I eat swiss cheese, but I only nibble on it. I make the holes bigger.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Not everyone has film.
He has been upset ever since he found out there was no Santa Claus.
I'm the proud parent of the kid you beat up your honor student.
Have you ever imagined a would with no hypothetical situations?
Jesus paid for our sins... now lets get our money's worth.
Our parents and grandparents were a much bigger threat!
I wished the buck stopped here as I could use a few.
Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a rock.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way.
When the mouth stumbles, it is worse than the foot.
If someone invented instant water, what would they mix it with?
Well, somebody subscribed to alt.cats.world.domination.
Cream rises to the top... but then so does scum.
Life is what happens to you while you are making other plans.
When I erase a word with a pencil, where does it go?
My Head Hurts, My Feet Stink, And I Don't Love Jesus.
History: An illusion caused by the passage of time.
And that my friend, is how the little angel came to be on top of the Christmas tree.
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose.
IN A BANGKOK TEMPLE: It is forbidden to enter a woman even a foreigner if dressed as a man.
My wife and I were fighting like hammer and tongs. She won, she had the hammer.
Love is blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Isn't having a smoking section in a restaurant kind of like having a peeing section in a swimming pool?
A user friendly computer first requires a friendly user.
If you signed up on or between March 15 and April 15 you will need to sign up again.
Can you repeat the part after "Listen very carefully"?
The reward for your capture has reached fifty thousand dollars.
Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin - it is the triumphant twang of a bedspring.
Are you wearing lipstick? well mind if I taste it?
The probability of an auto lockout varies directly with the intensity of the rain.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad I take something for it.
It's a condescending thing, Dear. You wouldn't understand.
Gumperson's Law: The probability of a given event occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.
Is that a gold piece in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
It's hard to be religious when certain people are never incinerated by bolts of lightning.
Read this with the best scottish accent you can muster in your wee heed.
Yes, your haircut looks good = $50 and it doesn't even look different!
Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy.
Bill Clinton is going to be Hillary's Cigarette Bitch In Prison.
Create your own real estate topsites hosting service.
Even if you win the rat race, you're still a rat.
What do you call a 1950's French cabaret singer with Tourette's Syndrome?
Many would be cowards if they had enough courage.
The bigger your yellow pages ad is the more low priced calls from non-repeat customers you will get.
Important Message: Conserve your toilet paper - use both sides.
I'll have grapefruit instead of biscuits and gravy.
What luck, they had a special rental rate at the video store on romance movies.
Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads.
Why is it called butterfingers when there is no butter or fingers in it?
The good ones are always taken and all that is left are handicapped.
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
Jesus paid a debt he didn't owe because we had a debt we couldn't pay.
Argue not with Dragons for thou art crunchy and go well with Brie.
Guests who kill talk show hosts - On the last Geraldo.
Happiness is seeing your mother-in-law on a milk carton.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
The maximum effective range of an excuse is zero.
Any idiot can face a crisis; it is this day- to-day living that wears you out - Chekhov.
If you don't have a memory like an elephant, leave tracks like one.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint him.
A dropped tool will land where it will cause the most damage; also known as the Law of Selective Gravity.
Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it.
Politics - Poli: Many, Tics: Blood sucking parasites.
Women are paid less than men, except for one field: Modeling.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
Compromise: the art of dividing a cake so that everybody believes he or she got the biggest piece.
An authority is somebody who can tell you more about something than you really care to know.
Life is the process of losing our illusions, until we finally lose the illusion that we are alive.
Good: Your wife bought a porn video. Bad: Your daughter's the star.
When everythings coming your way, youre in the wrong lane.
Christmas Eve is supposed to be a happy time, but this year it wasn't.
A false friend and a shadow stay around only while the sun shines.
Money is truthful. If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
I think the Rennaisance is when Gutenberg started placing Bibles in motel rooms.
AUTOEXEC.BAT until DOS functions adequately for the likes of you.
However, soon the weather turned so cold that he reluctantly decided to fly south.
A woman's heart is like a campfire; if you don't tend it often the flame will go out.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, while others only gargle.
A straight line is the shortest distance between an baby and anything breakable.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater.
Do you realize the only time in our lives when we like to get old is when we're kids?
Being intelligent is not a felony. But most societies mark it as at least a misdemeanor.
Reality? Is that where that Pizza Delivery Guy comes from?
The first toilet ever seen on television was on Leave It To Beaver.
Of course I'm Drunk ... Do I Look like a Bloody Stunt Driver?
With just one sniff of some cow manure, you can identify the breed of cattle it came from.
The next morning John came down to breakfast bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.
Do not suck your thumb - or anybody else's, for that matter.
We thought fast food was what you ate during Lent.
When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
Shareware: forget the manual...phone the author at home!
The shrubbery's drunk from too frequent watering.
Don't be content with being average: Average is as close to the bottom as it is to the top.
A guy bought his wife a beautiful diamond ring for Christmas.
How many blondes does it take to pull off a kidnapping?
Heard your family went to a restaurant where they serve crabs just so they could bring you along.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
Success always occurs in private and failure in full view.
U.S. MARINE CORPS - Everything destroyed in 30 min. or the next one's free!
Why are they called stairs inside but steps outside?
Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
Marriage is the process of finding out what kind of man your wife would have preferred.
Good clean jokes from the Funny Bone - Did You Ever Wonder?
Note - The key to a good relationship is the key. Give me back the key.
Hey, dummy! This is abuse! Arguments is down the hall.
An IRS audit is like an autopsy without the benefit of dying.
Tourists: The only foreigners the French ever drove out.
All blue blazers and black sweaters attract cat hair in direct proportion to the darkness of the fabric.
If someone betrays you once, it's his fault; - If he betrays you twice, it's your fault.
Men love watches with multiple functions. My husband has one that is a combination address book, telescope and piano.
What's the difference between a nurse and a bowling ball?
My life may be strange, but at least it's not boring.
I have learned that rough times are inevitable and inner strength is essential.
Learn to listen, opportunity often knocks softly.
Real race cars don't have fenders or doors or radios!
Why is Joey short for Joe, when Joey has more letters?
Your tinted windows are also known as Hefty Garbage Bags.
A man generally has two reasons for doing a thing. One that sounds good, and a real one.
If Sondra Locke married Elliott Ness, then divorced him to marry Herman Munster, shed become Sondra Locke Ness Munster.
There's more truth to this than we realize... What have we become???
Snow blower for sale. Only used on snowy days.
Why are haemorrhoids called 'haemorrhoids' instead of 'asteroids'?
Area 51 was Established on August 18th 2001  Copyright H. Bedford. All Rights Reserved.
Ideal tool for removing cat hair from furniture.
I'm not Canadian, although I tend to like their bacon.
If we are what we eat, then I'm easy, fast and cheap!
The easier it is to get into a program, the harder it will be to get out.
No man is a fool always, but all men are fools sometimes.
You are slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.
DEFINITION: Newdos - Acronym for 'Not Exactly What The Dealer Offers To sell you.
Those who forget the pasta will be doomed to reheat it.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Our Largest Category of T-Shirts covering hundreds of topics. Great for Gifts.
Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans.
Free Jokes At Jokes For Free - Funny jokes, photos and cartoons of all kinds.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its intention.
If You Can Read This, Please Flip Me Back Over . . .
A woman accompanied her husband to the doctor's office.
Committee: a body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
I used to be a proofreader for a sky writing company.
People who claim that little things don't bother them never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
SWEETHEART: Go to hell dummy. I`m logging off, you loser!
I'm so hungry Sally Struthers is going to do a commercial on me in about fifteen minutes.
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
What's the last thing that goes through a bugs' mind as it hits your windscreen?
You forget. Can you give us an example of something that you've forgotten?
I heard they found two new uses for sheep in Australia...
If you have post-traumatic-stress disorder, slowly and carefully press 000.
Your dog attacks you as you return from the mail box at the end of your driveway.
What do you do if your best friend runs off with your husband?
A man will get mad and tell you where to go; a woman will smile and lead you there.
The pedestrian had no idea which direction to run, so I ran over him.
Why is it that lemon juice contains mostly artificial ingredients but dishwashing liquid contains real lemons?
Before giving someone a piece of your mind, make sure you can spare it.
An error? Impossible! My modem is error correcting.
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing (and then they marry him).
Some people learn from observation. Some have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
The best cure for insomnia is a good night's sleep.
From the perspective of quantum theory, you don't look at light, it looks at you... probably.
An electrical component protected by a fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
Don't complain to the pitboss about the dealer's poker face.
You can't chose your enemies but you can chose your friends.
What's the problem with blind people going bungy jumping?
You can always get a job in international affairs because 90% of everything happens in a foreign country.
They made us eat porridge. It was a gruelling experience.
That's it for now ... More in a few weeks ... If you have some clean humor, please send it along ...
Real Daleks don't climb stairs ... they level the building.
Don't let so much reality into your life that there's no room left for dreamin'.
Virus detected! Pour chicken soup on motherboard Y/N?
Why is it whenever you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal?
Money isn't everything.... there's credit cards, money orders, and travelers checks.
A circle is a round straight line with a hole in the middle.
The dentist never talks to his patients until the drill is in their mouths.
If at first you DO succeed, pretend you knew what you were doing!
Selfish, adj. Devoid of consideration for the selfishness of others.
If both the monitor and the planter are going to breakdown, they will do so simultaneously.
If man evolved from apes why do we still have apes?
They do not care who shot J.R. and have no idea who J.R. was.
A doctor answers his phone and hears the familiar voice of a colleague on the other end of the line.
I'm on a thirty day diet. So far, I have lost 15 days.
Her immediate response was: Must be Can't get no satisfaction..
I am sitting here thinking how nice it is that wrinkles don't hurt.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
Deja Moo: The feeling that you have heard this bull before.
Loonie Bin of Jokes - Thousands of jokes, updated every 2 weeks!
You know you are over-the-hill when you're just too tired to climb one!
Just think how much deeper the ocean would be if sponges didn't live there.
Having control over myself is almost as good as having control over others.
Lead me not into temptation cos I can find it myself!
Why is it that no word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple?
Lysdexia: A peech imspediment we live to learn with.
If Clinton's answer is yes, than it must have been a realy stupid question.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
The sweetness of your words suck the morning dew off the honeysuckle.
I'm inventing a true micro-computer. It uses a micro-bit, one-millionth of a bit.
Falls don't kill people. It's the deceleration trauma.
Combat experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
The difference between a hissie fit and a caniption.
You'll need it to replace three people who just left.
What you want, must, and need to do are seldom congruent.
Men are not pigs, pigs are gentle, sensitive creatures.
I bought a new boomerang but I can't seem to throw the old one away.
Any particularly good stress relieving stories are welcomed.
Everyone makes mistakes. If they didn't, we'd all be single!
My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.
Committee: Individuals who can do nothing individually and sit to decide that nothing can be done together.
Put two cherries in my beer - the doctor says I should eat more fruit!
Be kind, everyone you meet is fighting a tough battle too.
To this day, I believe that a Higher Power was looking out for me that night.
In America, anybody can be president. That's one of the risks you take.
The feeling that somehow, somewhere, youve been kicked in the head like this before.
The friend goes over to the blonde's house and tells her to show him the puzzle.
It's okay to let your mind go blank; but please turn off the sound.
I used to be a doctor but I didn't have the patients.
Get News of Free Stuff, Jokes, Bargains, and Lots More!
This is the place for jokes, 1 liners, quotes, stories, all kinds of good clean humor.
A man with a watch knows what time it is. A man with two watches is never sure.
I smile 'cause you've all finally driven me insane.
Your wife says,"Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
Most of us hate to see a poor loser. Rich winners, though, are worse.
If there is no God, who always pops the next Kleenex?
Never call a man a fool. Instead, borrow from him.
If a person suffered from amnesia and then was cured would they remember that they forgot?
What's the difference between a wife and a job. After 5 years, the job still sucks.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog?
It's better to sleep on what you intend to do than to stay awake over what you have done.
BBC1 judgmental: British politics, who was the only female member of the Gang of Four ?
If the plural of "mouse" is "mice, shouldn't the plural of "house" be "hice"?
Laugh hysterically, shout You will all perish in flames! and continue working.
The reason that we have been losing is because we haven't been winning.
The new company will be relocating to Tel Aviv and will be called "Net  Yahoo".
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops.
The crucial memorandum will be snared in the out-basket.
If Stop  Shop and the AP were to merge would it be called Stop  P???
Nothing is so fallacious as facts except figures.
Well, never mind, you can always get another blonde.
I'm not attracted by a girl's mind ... But by what she doesn't mind.
I'm trying to find myself. Anyone seen me lately?
I solemnly swear that I shall lead the paper to victory over its enemy, the scissors.
How many liberal economists does it take to change a light bulb?
Using a Windows-based WYSIWYG interface, this product will allow worshippers to construct effective prayers in a minimum of time.
Few people blame themselves until they have exhausted all other possibilities.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
I believe in dragons, good men and other fantasy creatures.
A small good deed is better than the grandest intention.
How did a fool and his money ever get together in the first place?
Signs You've Chosen A No Frills Airline......
Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.
You actually eat breakfast food at breakfast time.
Hasten to laugh at everything lest you be obliged to weep.
Never cut good whiskey with water, unless you're out of whiskey.
Gayleen - big tall woman who talks shite all day.
If the required tool is in stock, It's probably more expensive than any tool in your toolbox.
Special Thanks to Brein Curran For the Jokes This Week.
I had to stop driving my car for a while . . . the tires got dizzy.
On the third, God created all the animals of the earth to serve as potential food for the cat.
Bought some powdered water..not sure what to add, though.
Somedaywe'll look back at this, laugh nervously,then change the subject.
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the impression you will make.
If I held you any closer I would be on the other side of you.
Laziness: The habit of resting before one is tired.
Basketball, Football, Baseball... RODEO: Bring yer own BALLS!
Elephants cant jump. Every other mammal can.
Excuse me, is there an airport nearby large enough for a private jet to land?
Why bother reading the docs, I'm confused enough already.
When you aim for perfection you discover it is a moving target.
Save petrol by pushing your car to your destination. Invariably passers-by will think you've broken down and help.
In the pinball game of life, his flippers were a little further apart than most.
If you're too open minded, your brains will fall out.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility. And vice versa.
If everyone is on the bandwagon, who's gonna pull?
A statistician is someone who is good with numbers but lacks the personality to be an accountant.
A little bit of powder, a little bit of paint, makes a giirl's complexion seem what it ain't.
They settle into the pub and the first clean piece goes to the bar.
Bills travel though the mail at twice the speed of checks.
I can do without essentials but I must have my luxuries.
Success comes in a can. Faillure comes in a cannot.
No kids in the back of the pick-up, it's not safe.
Without love and trust, all you can be in life is alone.
Well, isn't it obvious? I'm reading a magazine...
On a roll of Life Savers: Not for use as a flotation device.
If you don't like the way you were born, try being born again.
If we were not meant to eat animals...then why are they made out of meat?
Weedy fellas. Develop a right forearm like Arnold Schwarzeneggar by buying one of those Cindy Crawford workout videos.
A lot of money is tainted -- it taint yours and it taint mine.
Vote for Guy Fawkes - the only man to enter parliament with honest intentions!
You can govern men only by serving them. This is without exception.
His driveway doesn't go all the way to the garage.
Your conscience may not keep you from doing wrong, but it sure keeps you from enjoying it.
Democracy: 3 wolves and a sheep voting on what's for lunch.
Every takeoff is optional. Every landing is mandatory.
There is no good reason why clothes have to match.
The person who snores loudest will fall asleep first.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
If you must choose between two evils, choose the one you've never tried.
A guy met a girl at a nightclub, and she invited him back to her place for the night.
Not now, John, we gotta get on with the game show...
IN A JAPANESE HOTEL: You are invited to take advantage of the chambermaid.
If you have to tell people you're famous, you aren't.
Get the latest British and world wide sporting action...
Father: I think so. What do you want me to write?
So one night, while they were in the middle of doing it, she turned on the lights.
CONGRESS.SYS Corrupted: Re-boot Washington D.C (Y/n)?
Two are nice clean, freshly cut pieces and one is old, tatty, ravelled up, and dirty.
If you're right 90% of the time, why quibble over the remaining 3%?
All I ask for is the opportunity to prove that money doesn't buy happiness.
If you spread out all the sand in North Africa, it would cover the Sahara Desert.
Money can't buy you friends, but you do get a better class of enemy.
What's white and sticky and found on the bathroom wall?
In every organization, there will always be one person who knows what's going on. This person must be fired.
CONSULTANT: A jobless person who shows executives how to work.
If truth is stranger than fiction, you must be truth!
If speed kills, then Windows users may live forever.
Bosses are like diapers. Full of shit and all over your ass!
Some will like me and some will not, so I might as well be me.
Don't call us "gun nuts"! With a government like ours, we'd be nuts not to have guns!
When I'm not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded.
Both breasts are equal and reactive to light and accommodation.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
My jokes are short and sweet. click on my name ...
Im not cheap, but I am on special this week.
Blessed are they who hunger and thirst, for they are sticking to their diets.
Thank you for calling the CSU Automated Hearing Test Line. Prepare for Test.
Would you mind you continue your petty bickering? I find it most intriguing.
A person who smiles in the face of adversity probably already has a scapegoat in mind.
I love deadlines, especially the whooshing sound as they fly by.
Throw rocks at sea birds; leave no tern unstoned.
Appearances are not everything; it just looks like they are.
The more delicious the food is, the more cholesterol it contains.
One is tolerant only of that which does not concern him.
In college, you thought Spring Break was metal fatigue failure.
When you are standing on the edge of a cliff a step forward is not progress.
Why are they called apartments if they are all stuck together?
When eating an elephant, take one bite at a time.
Honesty is the best policy -- when there is money in it.
I request your permission to remove my drawers in the kitchen.
It don't take a genius to spot a goat in a flock of sheep.
Only women understand the reason for 'guest towels' and the 'good china'.
Drive through with someone on the hood to accept the food.
What a dog I got. His favorite bone is in my arm!
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
Beware of dark rooms ... They might be the morgue.
Where you've been means much less than where you're going.
Nice underwear. Perhaps you should take them off your head.
In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
Old and precious carpets weaken bowels and bladders.
Some mornings its just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Psychiatrists say that one in 4 people are mentally ill. Check 3 friends, if they're O.K., your it.
Become a computer programmer and never see the world again.
Oedipus was the first man to bridge the generation gap.
I have nothing but respect for you, and not much of that.
I've got a... uh... uh... Oh yeah - a photographic memory!
If you have a bunch of clowns, you're going to have a circus.
Ignorance is temporary; Stupidity lasts forever!
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Hard Work never killed anyone, so why chance it?
For a list of all the ways technology has failed to improve the quality of life, press 3.
A cat almost always blinks when hit in the head with a ball peen hammer.
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.
Speaking of Grey Poop on it... why would you want to?
Behind every successful rancher is a wife who works in town.
I can please only one person per day and today is not your day. Tomorrow doesn't look good either.
Why is the practice called "fasting" when time passes so slowly when you're doing it?
When a small man casts a large shadow, the sundown is near.
Cannot run Win/NT: you have only 12MB of memory !
That's not the issue - what was she doing out of the kitchen!
Bad command or file name. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaaay...
Maybe you have heard of the famous chicken rancher, Buck Buckaw.
Dew knot trussed yore spell chequer two fined awl mistakes!
Lewis' Law: People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!
You never discuss your love life or sex with your parents.
Frank - "different" - missing DNA - favours girls named Lucy.
Keep America beautiful... properly dispose of your lawyer.
I'm leading the revolution - which way did it go?
Civilization: Going from shoeless toes to toeless shoes.
Reality is a nice place, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
If I melted dry ice, could I swim in it and not get wet?
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he's a baby.
Dinosaurs aren't extinct. They've just learned to hide in the trees.
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was Breaking My Heart.
One of the throw pillows on your bed is a hot-water bottle.
Pulled himself...sloooooooowly...painfully ...up on a stool.
David - hottie and works out a lot, loves girls named Florence. Can be gay!
Another sign (though this guy might be onto something worth thinking about)!
You have 2 choices for dinner--take it or leave it.
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Minor skin grafts can be performed on pigs by covering any cuts and grazes with thin strips of bacon.
The law of intelligent tinkering: Save all the parts.
Beware the lollipop of mediocrity. Lick once and you suck forever.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
What is the similarity between Madonna and Merv Hughes?
There are no summer holidays on the graduate school calendar.
When some people discover the truth, they just can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.
Happiness is not something you have in your hands; it is something you carry in you heart.
How do you know when your girlfriend is too fat?
Your sister has a Soldier of Fortune subscription.
Fiddlesticks: What you say when your fiddle gets stuck.
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
I won't say Jim is nasty, but his t-shirt says: Help stamp out small dogs.
Why is it that whether you sit up or down the result is the same?
Why is it that time softens some people and hardens others?
Some people are only alive because it's illegal to kill.
Disk error: (A)bort (R)etry (N)egotiate release of disk?
My software never has bugs; it just develops random features.
The midget says, "Nith mouf, can I thee her twat"?
Some folks talk so much that you can get hoarse from just listening.
Don't stop to stomp on ants when the elephants are stampeding.
It doesn't take a genius to spot a goat in a flock of sheep.
I saw a policeman and asked him to help me find my parents.
You may be going faster than me, but I am in front of you.
Sally plays strip poker. Whenever she loses, she has to put something on.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Accountants don't die, they just lose their balance.
You keep most of your money in a savings account.
How come you never hear about gruntled employees?
People seldom want to walk over you until you lie down.
We ARE our brothers keepers. Stay low, stay safe; every one goes home.
Fiddle: Friction of a horse's tail on a cat's entrails.
News Flash!! Corduroy pillow.....they're making headlines!
Lunatic Asylum: The place where optimism most flourishes.
New York Lotto Condoms: Cause hey - you never know.
You find yourself beginning to like accordion music.
Why can't skeletons play music in church? They have no organs!
A kleptomaniac is a person who helps himself because he can't help himself.
Tim - hot but a bit strange, can never tell where he is.
BACK RUBS (Given with pleasure, received with ecstasy.
Fast as thou art, thou cannot run through closed doors.
His IQ has reached rock bottom and shows signs of starting to dig.
Jury: A group chosen to decide who has the best lawyer.
WARNING--some of these are pretty deep! Don't hurt yourselves!
What do Rabbis do with all the foreskin's from circumcisions?
What are the words women hate to hear when they are enjoying great sex?
Although married people fax often, there are many single people who fax complete strangers every day.
Never fear shadows... they simply mean there's a light shining somewhere nearby.
Thinks not to put on your Resume, and actual employee evaluation comments.
A man may be a fool and not know it, but not if he is married.
YES! Everything was so different before it all changed.
A tornado blew away my car and left another in its place. Musta been a trade wind.
Parliament fighting inflation is like the Mafia fighting crime.
And, so dude, THAT was how, like, this festival started. Cool! Diwali rocks, Maaann.
If you think good is in everyone, you haven't met everyone.
The newest and least experienced soldier will usually win the Medal of Honor.
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
LSD makes your CGA monitor display 16.7 million colors.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Pizza Man: And everyone at the psychiatric hospital is an FBI agent?
Keyboard: device used to enter errors into the computer.
What is a committee? A group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
Arachibutyrophobia : fear of peanut butter sticking to roof of mouth.
Washed the cat - took HOURS to get the hair off my tongue!
Never call a man fool when you can borrow money from him instead.
Difference between a virus and windows ? Viruses rarely fail.
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people.
That's not line noise--my modem's speaking in tongues!
I'd love to, but I have to stay home and see if I snore.
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
Le uniche cose che girano sotto Windows sono le palle.
Before you meet any handsome prince, you have to kiss a lot of toads.
Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere.
If you dance with a grizzly bear, you had better let him lead.
Some 56 percent of women say they do a better job at trimming more neatly than men.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.....
While in the ER, she was examined, X-rated and sent home.
You don't drink at home to save money before going to a bar.
When God created men She must have been drunk and horny!
Gumperson's Law: The probability of anything happening is inversely proportional to its desirability.
It is not the relation which is important, but the relationship that is important!
Never let your schooling interfere with your education.
Interviewer: Any spells your mages will be putting on you?
Never run after buses or women: you'll always get left behind.
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy.
We buy things we don't need, with money we don't have, to impress people we don't know.
Derek - has a great sense of humour, and blow-up doll collection.
Bad Advertising: Rush Limbaugh Home Fitness Center.
Smoke dope, dodge the draft, cheat on your wife, become President, It's the new American way.
SHOW OFF: a child who is more talented than yours.
Copywight 1994 Ewmer Fudd. All wights wesewved. Heheheh...
Send in by Gerald Flynn who likes political jokes, except when they are elected.
General Knowledge: Describe in detail. Be objective and specific.
Triumph: A little bit of try with a whole lot of umph.
Those who dance are thought mad by those who hear not the music.
Only adults have difficulty with childproof bottles.
The previously arriving feathered vertebrate procures the invertebrate crawler.
We've never lusted after a cartoon character or the central figure in a computer game.
A little old man shuffled...sloooooowly into an ice cream parlour..
Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
It's you and me against the world ... when do we attack?
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
This is sometimes terribly embarrassing to tall guests.
When you hear someone uttering Oh-Oh while flushing the toilet, it is already too late.
I just took an IQ test. The results were negative.
There is no such thing as a blue sky during a company picnic.
Wife: Well, if you would learn to satisfy me properly we could do without the pool-man too.
For Sale: Dresser by woman with big drawers and carved legs.
Husband Shall we try a different position tonight?
ZOMBIE: A mirthless creature beloved by teenage horror movie fans and those in charge of the hiring at accounting firms.
We're all part of the human race but racing faster won't make us more human.
Brain cells come and brain cells go, but fat cells are forever.
Men can read smaller print than women. Women can hear better than men.
On work gloves: For best results, do not leave at crime scene.
Lon said she wasn't a very good actress, But she made a good hump.
Some people's brains are like the prison system ... not enough cells per person.
Newspaper headline- Sex Education Delayed, Teachers Request Training.
If you make a cow laugh, will milk come out of its nose?
My grandpa told me to remember two things in life. Look out for Number One, and remember your number.
Just when I hit bottom, someone hands me a shovel....
What is the last thing that goes through a bug's mind as it hits a windshield?
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word?
One day in artillery instruction, a colonel came to inspect our class.
All her friends and relatives just went on and on about her youthful beauty.
Laugh uncontrollably for about 3 minutes  then suddenly stop and look suspiciously at everyone who looks at you.
Whatever it is, it would never be afraid of the dark.
The guy was all over the road, I had to swerve a number of times before I hit him.
Laughter Net, where you can laugh online 24 hours a day!
Each day we are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
I forgot and left the lighthouse on all night. Next day the sun wouldn't rise.
The Russian airline Aeroflot has a flight which goes from Moscow to Prague with a stop at Warsaw.
On the back of an old pickup: If this truck was a horse, I'd have to shoot it.
It isn't your position but your DISPOSITION that makes you happy.
If girls are made of sugar spice, how come they all smell like Anchovies?
Hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper? He sold his soul to........ SANTA!
George W. Bush begins his speech to end the Olympic Games.
Man's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
I asked about my family tree once and they told me I was a sap.
Let fear belong to the enemy and victory will be ours!
After a few hours of making out on the sofa, she asks him to go a bit further.
An engineer is someone who does list processing in Fortran.
Where in the world does the guy who has everything put it?
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
Humans were invented by water, for transporting it uphill.
If nobody knows the troubles you've seen, then you don't live in a small town.
A nervous taxpayer was unhappily conversing with the IRS Tax auditor who had come to review his records.
Pros are people who do jobs well even when they don't feel like it.
Fife. n. Small shrill instrument that rhymes with wife.
When I got on the scales there arose such a number!
These are my words. My employer's words are often spoken in haste, and rarely resemble my compassionate prose.
You Get Out Of Something What You... See Pictured On The Box.
When vultures fly, are they allowed carrion luggage?
You've got to hand it to the IRS. If not, they'll come and take it.
Imogen - drinks tequila from the bottle, wets the bed.
Yes, I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial.
When trying to solve a problem, it always helps to know the solution.
My grandmother won't even buy green bananas! It's an investment, you know, and maybe a bad one!!
Always listen to experts. They[singlequote]ll tell what can[singlequote]t be done and why. Then do it.
My doctor says I have the body of a 22-year old....... dog.
An indirect cause of the accident was a little guy in a small car with a big mouth.
Bad: Your son's involved in Satanism. Worse: As a sacrifice.
I was born before television, penicillin, polio shots, frozen foods, Xerox, contact lenses, Frisbees and the Pill.
Birthdays are good for you - the more you have the longer you live.
Doctors trying to recoup their investment losses.
I know it all -- I just can't remember it all at once.
It's not the principle of the thing ... it's the money.
I'm not unemployed ... I'm looking for the perfect job.
The tongue must be heavy indeed, because so few people can hold it.
Eat right, exercise daily, live clean, die anyway.
I'm too smart to let my intelligence go to my head.
For a REAL sponge cake, BORROW all the ingredients.
If I Had Known Being a Grandparent Was So Much Fun, I Would Have Done It First!
Your job never got a warning label from the Surgeon General.
There is an exception to every rule - and most people think they are it.
These new facts do not coincide with my preconceived idea.
AT WORK.........You get rewarded for good behavior with more work.
Wellhung: I'm dropping the bra. Now I'm licking your, you know, breasts. They're neat!
Remember, gravity is not just a good idea. It's the law. And it's not subject to repeal.
You finally know all the answers, but nobody bothers to ask you the questions.
It has a light and dark side, and it holds the universe together.
Always remember~you are unique.......just like everyone else.
Programming Department: mistakes made while you wait.
Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to practical use.
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
One mystery of life is how a two pound box of candy can make you gain five pounds.
Why is it that when you are driving and looking for an address you always turn down the radio?
And under no circumstances should you take skiing lessons from George of the Jungle.
If you can't say something nice, become a reporter.
Combat will occur on the ground between two adjoining maps.
Why can't you make another word using all the letters in "anagram"?
Your wife's hairdo was once ruined by a ceiling fan.
It wasn't odd to have two or three Best Friends?
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
I tried to get a life once, but they were out of stock.
The wind of anger blows out the lamp of intelligence.
Every act a ritual, every day a rite of passage...
Either slow down this rig or I'll cut off your nuts.
Don't underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
It's not true that married men live longer than single men. It only seems longer.
Every new project requires a tool that you don't have.
I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
If you mention how nice she looks, it's sexual harassment.
Sometimes you can't hear me, because sometimes I am in parenthesis.
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
Too light for heavy work and too heavy for light work.
Like this article? Do a friend a favor and tell them about it.
A committee is a thing which takes a week to do what one good man can do in an hour.
Don't drink and drive, you might spill your drink.
One time a windshield wiper will work properly is when it is holding a parking ticket.
I'd have to forfeit my billion dollar trust fund.
If a singer sings their own song during a karaoke party, is it considered karaoke?
They had to burn the school down to get her out of 3rd grade.
I have changed my mind a dozen times. It seems to work better now.
Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing.
Jay Leno has always been on the Tonight Show. They never took a swim and thought about Jaws.
It is a small world, but I wouldn't like to have to paint it.
Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same?
How come we choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
I like to tease my plants when I water them. I like to water them with ice cubes.
Jonathon - loud, sex mad and great with it - can be full of himself.
Outpatient.....................A person who has fainted.
Opportunities always look bigger going than coming.
Having children is hereditary: If your parents didn't have any, then you probably won't either.
And then the greatest day of your life . . . you become 21.
What happens when it rains cats and dogs ? You can step in a poodle !
Skill is successfully walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls. Intelligence is not trying.
The imaginary friends I had as a kid dropped me because their friends thought I didn't exist.
Wanted: Unmarried girls to pick fresh fruit and produce at night.
Salesman 'If we have, someone's got the fucking sack'.
It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his hands in his own pockets.
Don't ask security where the pinball machines are.
There are two kinds of naval vessels: submarines and targets.
Jack Daniels is on your list of Most Admired People.
See, if he'd been wearing his sign, I could have stopped him.
No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing an autopsy on him.
BRUSH YOUR TEETH AFTER EVERY MEAL - or use a comb.
You can always find what you are not looking for.
Once upon a time, in a nice little forest, there lived a blind little bunny and a blind little snake.
Coward: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
Okay, I got one word to ask you, a one word question, ready?
Success is a matter of luck; just ask any failure.
He who beats his sword into a plowshare usually ends up plowing for those who kept their swords.
WELLHUNG: I'm kissing your neck. Umm, I`m having a little trouble here.
How does a thermos know whether a drink should be hot or cold?
I was teaching my 6-year-old daughter how to unbuckle her seat belt.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
Cult: It just means not enough people to make a minority.
Success: its an never ending improvement in what you do.
DEFINITION: Keyboard- Resembling a typewriter, a keyboard is used for entering errors into the computer.
Any cool program always requires more memory than you have.
Negative expectations yield negative results. Positive expectations yield negative results.
China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese.
I can't agree with you honey, I'm not delusional.
The dyslexic pagan: not only does he believe in Dog, but believes in many other dogs as well.
Technology abhors little failures but rewards big ones.
When you pat a dog on its head he will usually wag his tail. What will a goose do?
BelizeClassifieds.com - Employment, Autos, Dating, Jokes, Chat and more.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.
He's afraid he'd have to share his beer and pretzels.
When I was young, we didn't have MTV. We had to take drugs and go to rock concerts.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it is time to get up.
Rule of thumb: Every time you regret keeping silent, there'll be a hundred times you regret speaking.
Diplomacy: The art of saying "Nice doggie!" until you can find a rock.
Quickest way to double your money: Fold it over and put it back in your pocket.
Microsoft is not the answer. Microsoft is the question. 'No' is the answer.
Life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head.
The trouble with troubleshooting is that trouble shoots back.
If Superman is so smart, then why does he wear his underpants on the outside of his trousers?
I tried being reasonable once. I didn't like it.
When I talk to myself, I'm talkin' to the wrong person.
Sure you can trust the government! Just ask a native American!
Never decide to buy something while listening to the salesman.
I'm passing directly from barbarism to decadence...
The major cause of vehicle accidents is a screw loose in the nut behind the wheel.
Drinking,PartyHangovers-2Pages!
The sun sets three-and-a-half times faster than normal when you're trying to set up camp.
TOMORROW: One of the greatest labor saving devices of today.
Adolescence is the age when children try to bring up their parents.
Our bikinis are exciting. They are simply the tops.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
Every time you think about exercise, you lie down 'til the thought goes away.
Windows: the ultimate triumph of marketing over technology.
If life hands you lemons ... stick them down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger.
I cleaned my house yesterday. Sure wish you could have seen it.
People who think they're out of this world always make you wish they were.
Perkin's postulate: The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
The QQQ Files. Profound Observations (according to Windell).
On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.
I'm a counsellor who helps coordinate support groups for visually-impaired adults.
There are three dimensions to credit cards, length, width and debt.
The computer will work perfectly at the repair shop.
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
You're twisted, depraved, and rotten to the core . . . I like that in a person.
What's the definition of a sadist? Someone who is kind to a masochist.
I will meet you at the corner of Walk and Don't Walk.
For the first time since Prohibition, liquor stores in New York can open on Sunday.
I'm an excellent housekeeper. Every time I get a divorce, I keep the house.
The only thing more accurate than incoming enemy fire is incoming friendly fire .
Eating a basket of chicken wings at 3 a.m. would severely upset, rather than settle, your stomach.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But's it's still on the list.
System Failure. Push (B)ullshit (W)hine (S)urrender.
Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.
Following the path of least resistance is what makes rivers and men crooked.
Nothing is more beautiful than one snowflake. Unfortunately, they seldom come that way.
Saw It . . . Wanted It . . . Had A Fit . . . Got It!
Daddy? What's this little red button for? Pzzzz...
A photographic memory, yeah sure - but the lens cover is still on.
Nobody ever forgets WHERE they buried the hatchet.
A professional is one who does a good job even when he doesn't feel like it.
Everything should be made as simple as possible but no simpler.
A collection of laws that prove the "Murphy" never really lived.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in laboratory rats.
Your temper is one of the few things that improves the longer you keep it.
DEFINITION: Disassembler - An unattended five year old child.
But I don't like the cat. Shut up and eat your dinner!
Clean Jokes to make you laugh! Post your own funny clean jokes!
How do you improve the aerodynamics of a trombonist's car?
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
No movie. Don't need one. Your life keeps flashing before your eyes.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
We come from two differnt worlds. Mine uses soap and toothpaste.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Why do people say the alarm went "off" when it actually sounded like it was "on"?
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the odds that the competition already has the order.
The doctor is totally unimpressed... "So what?" he says.
Tragedy is when I cut my finger.Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
In the beginning GOD created the Bit and the Byte. And from those he created the Word.
A synonymn is a word you use in place of one you can't spell.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter because nobody listens.
If vegetable oil comes from vegetables, where does baby oil come from?
Why are they called apartments when they're all stuck together?
Docs? Why would I wanna look at th' docs? Th' nurses are much prettier!
Research is the process of going up alleys to see if they are blind.
All the world is a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing "Happy Birthday".
Give a woman an inch and she thinks she's a ruler!
You sit backwards on Disney rides so you can see how they do the special effects.
A local charity office realized that it had never received a donation from the town's most successful lawyer.
Two new chemical elements have recently been discovered. Here for the first time is a description of their properties.
A blonde had a near death experience the other day when she went horseback riding.
Why things are always done the way they have been done!
When you fall down, you wonder what else you can do while you're down there.
There are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't.
I hear and I forget, I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Don't take life so seriously ... it's not permanent.
Your friends compliment you on your new alligator shoes and you're barefoot.
You realize you haven't eaten, slept or had a drink in the past decade.
If you have half a mind to go watch TV - it is enough!
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund? He wanted to get a long little doggie.
Corollary: All breakdowns occur on the plumber's day off.
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
This product will allow worshippers to transfer their sins to its internal Vice Database.
Wouldn't you if you had to change in the middle of the street??
I know the guy who writes all those bumper stickers. He hates New York.
There aren't nearly enough crutches in the world for all the lame excuses.
If you want to be well liked never lie about yourself, and be careful when telling the truth about others.
Chaos, panic, and disorder - my work here is done.
The more you enjoy your research, the less data there is to support it.
Most people raise their voice rather than reinforcing their point.
When you open a new bag of cotton balls, are you supposed to throw the top one away?
Help your local police cut out grafitti. Carry a saw.
Zen T-Shirt: Enlightenment Available - Enquire Within.
A gentleman had been trying for years to meet the Pope.
A 7-year-old and his 4-year-old brother are upstairs in their bedroom.
A fool wants to be king. A wise man wonders if he can handle the job.
Further proof that the human race is doomed through stupidity . . .
WHAT WOULD YOU DO ON A FIRST DATE THAT WAS TURNING SOUR?
With birth and death rates as they are, we can expect the number of souls in hell to increase exponentially.
If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
WinErr: 00B Inadequate disk space - Free at least 50MB.
TO RECEIVE ' MONKEYSHINES'  'SANITY ZONE' (FREE) VIA E-MAIL...
What do you get if you cross a Greek with a gorilla?
There are 2 great secrets to success in life. The first is to not tell everything you know.
Geology shows that the mountains are older than the hills.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
Depression is merely anger without the enthusiasm.
I don't need your attitude. I have one of my own.
Expertise in one field does not carry over into other fields. But experts often think so.
S: Well, its like this: Every time I suck his cock, I get indigestion.
It's a fine line between fishing  standing still.
FAULT: Mouth not open when drinking or glass applied to wrong part of face.
The leading cause of the death of lawyers is ambulances backing up.
There is no such thing as a cloudy sky when your unit needs to infiltrate enemy territory.
Rebecca - hairy armpits, orgasms without contact.
He attempted to put his exam on the stack of exam booklets already there.
Laugh-Of-The-Day.com is a registered trademark of Aurora Web. 1997-2004 All rights reserved.
If you don't think anybody wants to hear your story, it's probably best not to tell it!
Whatever frightens you, do it. That fear is a valuable key.
Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
The worst thing about ignorance is its insistency.
Some weird but funny pick up lines...i have no idea if they actually work!
It's dark when you drive to and from work, even in the summer.
AT WORK.........You cannot even speak to your family and friends.
Ah well, strange world, says the string, and goes back to his seat with his drinks.
Simple. Easy to use. And usually lying around a TV.
Find your own name and your friends' names and enjoy...
If a man says something in the woods and there are no women there, is he still wrong?
Given a 50-50 chance, you will be wrong 90% of the time.
All men can fly, but sadly, only in one direction - down.
Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay..
My proctologist just called and said he found my head.
The less sense matter and matter is more than sense.
I am grateful that I am not as judgmental as all those censorious, self-righteous people around me.
Much of the charity that begins at home is too feeble to get our of doors.
What care I how time advances: I am drinking ale today.
Poets have been curiously silent on the subject of cheese.
Why is there a "permanent press" setting on an iron?
Why call them hot water heaters if the water is already hot?
You've been married three times and still have the same in-laws.
If sour milk is used to make Yogurt, how do you know when Yogurt is bad?
We can hug our friends without wondering if she thinks we're gay.
If you do something you regret, be as compassionate to yourself as you would be to your best friend.
Happiness is the Planet Earth in your rear view mirror.
No one's invented a steak that will fit in the toaster.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
She was at the beauty shop for two hours. That was only for the estimate.
This is the one time of year where you can really support VegSource -- by attending!
I went to a haunted house, looked under the kitchen table, and found spirit gum.
No battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy.
Build something foolproof and every fool will use it.
Shhhh! And don't tell the men from the asylum that you saw me here.
Men know that cats are evil and cannot be trusted.
It's easier to love all humanity than it is some neighbors.
It is wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.
A legend is a lie that has obtained the dignity of age.
I saw it in a cartoon, but I'm pretty sure I can do it...
Anti-wrinkle cream there may be, but anti-fat-bastard cream there is not.
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance.
I've learned that you can get by on charm for about fifteen minutes.
Good: Your neighbor exercises in the nude. Bad: He weighs 350 pounds.
Theatre is life - Film is art - Television is furniture.
What you have here is a natural occurrence... What we in the civilised world call an albino!
Welcome to last year's meeting of the Procrastinators' Club.
When a customer has a large number of specialty locks , thast lock will require very expensive service and pin kits.
Did you know that I have an Indian name?: Stupid-White-Man-with-Bogus-Indian-Name, and proud of it.
Dave - extremely sexy, always funny, intelligent, stylish, trendsetter i.e. a wanker.
Those of you who think they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!' till you can find a rock.
The doctor then asked the 5-year-old what he thought of the baby.
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
Pain is inevitable. Misery, however, is an option.
Veni, Vedi, Visa: I Came, I Saw, I did a little shopping.
Why are flotation devices under airplane seats instead of parachutes?
All things being equal, all things are never equal.
Monday: In Christian countries, the day after the football game.
And for dinner, prepare an especially nice meal for him.
The ice-cream truck in my neighborhood plays Helter Skelter.
It's a dog-eat-dog world, and I'm wearing Milk Bone shorts.
A horse may go freely to water, but a pencil must be lead.
God didn't create the world in 7 days. He pulled an all-nighter on the 6th.
You can't ask to start over just because you're losing the game.
So, he goes down into the cellar with one of the copies to check it against the original.
Minds are like Parachutes. They work best when open.
Why am I the only person on earth that knows how to drive?
I have not whined, bitched, cursed, or eaten any chocolate.
A beaver is a small furry creature that sits on your face and eats your tongue.
Why is it that wise guy and wise man mean entirely different things.
My girlfriend told me I should be more affectionate.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
The goal of science is to build a better mousetrap; the goal of nature is to build a better mouse.
Why does the Chinese ideogram for trouble symbolize two women living under one roof?
Of course leather is waterproof; have you ever see a cow with an umbrella?
Just be glad that we don't get as much government as we pay for.
How would you like to spend eternity: Smoking or Non-Smoking?
The wonder of a single snowflake outweighs the wisdom of a million meteorologists.
The pattern you wanted to make again will have one key piece missing.
As of 1992, they'll be called European Economic Community fries.
I went to the doctor because I'd swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills.
Why do companies offer you "free gifts?" Since when has a gift NOT been free?
Copyright 2004.Indianchild.com. Funny quotes, funny quotations.
If ya don't like my driving, get off of the sidewalk!
I am willing to make the mistakes if someone else is willing to learn from them.
Committee: The unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
He picks up the cover, carries it under his arm to the entrance and says, McGregor. Scotland. Discus throwing.
Never ask how stupid someone is 'cause they'll turn around and show you.
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
McDonalds products never came in Styrofoam containers.
A musical tribute to dysfunction from Recovery Man's vast archives of Christian music.
Boob's Law: You will always find something in the last place you look.
Everclear brand Grain Alcohol, official motto: It looks like water, but it makes girls think you're really hot!
Two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different.
Snail Mail: Advertising Department, CMA 7.142, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712.
During that one ten minute period of the day when the sun blazes the hottest, Mother Nature invariably calls.
My wife really likes to make pottery, but to me it's just kiln time.
The best way to realise your dreams is to wake up.
Zulu time: A Zulu warrior with time on his hands.
You have an intellect rivaled only by the village idiot's thicker brother.
He certainly takes a long time to make his pointless.
Windows - so intuitive you only need a meg of help files !
People forget how fast you did a job, but remember how well you did it.
These lines are attributed to Stephen (or Steven) Wright (received via email).
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
Why won't the gujju jeweller sell anything to the UP ka bhayiya?
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.
One's got fat lips and whiskers, the other one's a fish.
STATISTICIANS hunt the first animal they see N times and call it an elephant.
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
In an exam, relax and remember... There is no test.
This is the 90's, pal. Wake up and smell the cappuccino.
The facts, although interesting, are irrelevant. Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Death to fleas that prey upon the lifeblood of my cats!
There's nothing like a little experience to upset a theory.
I brake for animals - and accelerate for small children.
How old would you think you were if you didn't know how old you are?
Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss do an honest day's work.
I may be drunk, but you're ugly and I'll sober up.
Sweetheart: That's OK, it wasn't really too expensive.
She looks angry, fetches another beer and slams it down next to him. He finishes that beer.
Cats don't want to own people. They prefer to lease with an option.
Multi-Pliers - Contain a handy assortment of sharp and dangerous tools.
I tried switching to gum but couldn't keep it lit.
Confucius say...Girl who sit on jockeys lap get hot tip.
If you wear an antennae to a wedding, would the reception be better?
God gives us faces; we create our own expressions.
Ocean currents switched and put cold water where it used to be warm.
Jokes Archive: For Those who take life a little too seriously......
Your parents send money to their relatives in foreign countries.
If you expect your life to be perfect, then expect disappointment.
Then Mrs. Claus told Santa that her Mom was coming to visit.
The patient was to have a bowel re-section. However, he took a job as a lawyer instead.
Your bank checks feature pictures of dogs fighting.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
Any man who afflicts the human race with ideas must be prepared to see them misunderstood.
My favorite rock group is Bjorn and the Borg Collective, true pioneers of Swedish rap.
Hospital is a place where they wake you up to give you a sleeping pill.
Four Food Groups: Beer, Chips, Chocolate, Pretzels.
There's nothing more demoralizing than a small but adequate income.
It would never work. I'm Aquarius and you're ridiculous.
As I let go of my feelings of guilt, I am in touch with my inner sociopath.
I tried to smoke some hash, but the corned beef wouldn't light!
I live like a monk... Except for the celibacy part.
DICTATORSHIP: You have two cows. The government takes both and shoots you.
I saw a guy jogging naked. I said to the guy ....
It is not, how much you know...It is making the best use of what you know !
Dominic - hilarious and will do anything to please.
I bought some dehydrated water, but I don't know what to add to it.
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
He's dead Jim. Grab his tricorder. I'll get his wallet.
When someone points skyward, it's the fool that looks at the finger.
Deciding it must be true, the second man jumps out and plummets to his death.
It is unwise to put things you are allergic to in your mouth - especially if it's cats.
If I were here more often, I wouldn't be gone so much.
A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
Les Franais c'est comme les crocodiles, ils ont de petites pattes et une grande gueule.
An adult is someone who can legally run with scissors, but doesn't have the energy.
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
I've learned that we are responsible for what we do, unless we are celebrities.
This is a test. This is a test of the Answering Machine Broadcast System. This is only a test.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all of the parts.
Economists have forecasted 9 out of the last 5 recessions.
She was sitting up reading when he came in and asked what kind of a time he had.
There is no road too long to the man who advances deliberately and without undue haste.
Find out how many friends you have... rent a beach villa.
Javascript, and PHP source code used to create this website.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all eveidence that you tried.
A study that lets us be unhappy more intelligently.
Copyright  1999-2004 Digital Enterprises, all rights reserved. No content may be used without written permission.
People who fly into a rage always make a bad landing.
I can't think of anything that remotely fits the subject.
Two wrongs do not make a right, but four rights don't get you anywhere.
I just got skylights put in my place. The people who live above me are furious.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
Get forgiveness now - tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
You'd look better in whipped cream and sprinkles.
Yes, he is an agent of Satan, but his duties are largely ceremonial.
Windows - how to turn a 486 into an Etch-A-Sketch!
The secret of patience is doing something else in the meantime.
I Got In At 2 With a 10, And Woke Up At 10 With a 2.
Our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than look back.
These scam artists have bilked honest, hard working citizens out of billions of dollars. Don't you be among them!
A small carafe of wine is illogical, immoral, and inadequate.
Sex is like air. It's not important until you're not getting any.
No matter which way you go, it's uphill and against the wind.
A horse's misbehavior will be in direct proportion to the number of people who are watching.
Nothing is impossible for anyone impervious to reason.
The further you are in advance of your own positions, the more likely your artillery will shoot short.
And batteries exploded in an attempt to recharge the market.
INDEPENDENT: how we want our children to be as long as they do everything we say.
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
You can name your own salary here - I call mine Fred.
On my first day of school my parents dropped me off at the wrong nursery.
I'm trying to read a book on how to relax, but I keep falling asleep.
It doesn't matter whether you are rich or poor as long as you have money.
Say what you mean, mean what you say, but don't say it mean.
BRING YOUR CHILDREN TO WARSAW - and leave the little buggers there.
New Jersey: You Want a ##$%##! Motto? I Got Yer ##$%##! Motto Right Here!
The only time suppressive fire works is when it is used on abandoned positions.
A streaker is someone who is unsuited for his work.
Always try to be modest. And be damn proud of it!
If you're holding your own, your losing the f***ing building.
Insufficient Memory: Remove the "Buffers=655,360" line.
COLDBEER.CAN halted. Operator shelled to kitchen.
After that it's a day-by-day thing; you HIT Wednesday!
Every snowflake in an avalanche pleads not guilty.
To John Bloor, who mistook a tube of superglue for his hemorrhoid cream and glued his buttocks together.
Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved.
To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose, the next best.
Do not bend, fold, staple or mutilate in any way this tagline.
Christmas shopping can be accomplished for 25 relatives, on December 24th, in 45 minutes.
An antique that seems too good to be true, probably is.
Avoid approaching horses and restaurants from the rear.
How do you know when you have run out of invisible ink?
Mondays are a rotten way to spend a 7th of your life.
We'll get along fine as soon as you realize I'm God.
Remember: Silly is a state of mind, stupid is a way of life.
If you're politically correct buzz off you won't like this site!
For Sale: One computer slightly used. One bullet hole in screen.
Fact - red lights always last longer than green ones.
If all those psychics know the winning lottery numbers, why are they all still working?
The jawbone of a jackass was a killer in Samson's day.....it still is.
A young man walks up and sits down at the bar. What can I get you? the bartender inquires.
Describe the Universe in 500 words or less. Give two examples.
Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
In Capitalism, man exploits man. In Communism, it's exactly the opposite.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes.
Windows Multitasking: screwing up several things at once .
We're going to take this opportuntity to share his wisdom with you.
Killer Sentenced to Die for Second Time in Ten Years.
Take time to smell the roses and eventually you'll inhale a bee.
Some folks feel that beauty times brains is a constant.
Nina - stuffs her bra with tissues, been single for years.
God is a comic playing to an audience that is afraid to laugh.
Where should you look for a commited man? - In a mental institution.
Man who sneezes without hanky takes matters into his own hands..
We know which glass was ours by the lipstick mark.
What do little birdies see when they get knocked unconscious?
Between 15 and 70 a man is like a dicktator - ruled by a dick.
Sure you can trust the government; ask any Indian!
Can't Get Over You, So Why Don't You Get Under Me?
An age is called Dark, not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.
The number of loopholes in any legal system is always greater than the number of laws.
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
The toilet is blocked and we cannot bathe the children until it is cleared.
Contrapositive road sign: If you aren't home already, then you don't live here.
Frigmarole: Unnecessarily time-consuming foreplay.
How do you know its that time of month for an elephant?
Automatic simply means that you can't repair it yourself.
Mental backup in progress........ Do Not Disturb!
Sweetheart: Go to hell. I'm logging off, you loser!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
The best things in the world are free -- and worth every penny of it.
If you see two people talking and one looks bored, he's the other one.
Any philosophy that can fit into a nutshell belongs there.
Air defense motto: shoot 'em down; sort 'em out on the ground.
A journey of 1,000 miles begins with a cash advance.
When reviewing your notes before an exam, the most important ones will be illegible.
Exercise is a dirty word. Every time I hear it, I wash my mouth out with chocolate.
Bureaucracy: a method of turning energy into solid waste.
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
War News: Saddam's army blown away by Thai hookers.
Reality is for people who can't face science fiction.
Becoming aware of my character defects leads me naturally to the next step of blaming my parents.
It will drink all your beer and leave its dirty socks on the coffee table when theres company coming over.
Spread cat on towel near one end with its head over long edge.
What do you call a parrot wearing a raincoat? Polly Unsaturated.
The subtlest bugs cause the greatest damage and problems.
Get closer, my hitch needs the chrome sucked off.
Again the engineer took the frog out, smiled at it and put it back into his pocket.
If we do not succeed, we run the risk of failure.
Is the crown of your head where jewels are found?
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
If all the cars are coming your way -- you're probably going the wrong way on a one-way street.
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds?
A woman is like a teabag - only in hot water do you realize how strong she is.
Why is a guinea pig neither from Guinea, nor is it a pig?
Infants don't enjoy infancy like adults do adultery.
Kansas, Chicago, Boston, America, and Alabama are places, not bands.
There are three simple rules for making a smooth landing. Unfortunately no one knows what they are.
Being a woman is quite difficult since it consists mainly of dealing with men.
People will accept your idea more readily, if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
I haven't lost my mind, I know exactly where I left it.
Refusing to have an opinion is a way of having one.
Life may have no meaning -- or even worse, it may have a meaning of which I disapprove.
I sat down to daydream yesterday but my mind kept wandering.
If something is done wrong often enough, it becomes right.
If you put a chameleon in a mirrored box what color would it change to?
Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lamp posts- for support rather than illumination.
Three old men were sitting around talking about who had the worst health problems.
It is a fundamental Law of Nature that nothing ever quite works out.
We also have the inverse butterfly effect: Nuclear winter (O) kills butterfly (A).
My ship came in. Naturally it was the Kobayashi Maru.
Oh yeah? You wanna step out of the giant robot and say that again?
Good samples are able to produce large quantities on command.
Then there was the workaholic who was arrested for resisting a rest...
Back Up My Hard Drive? I Can't Find The Reverse Switch!
Irving was absent yesterday because he missed his bust.
This is a crude version of a more advanced utility that doesn't exist.
The trick to flying is to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Somebody ought to cross ballpoint pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.
Sweet, smooth and they usually head right for your hips.
Theoretical Physics is a science locally isomorphic to Mathematics.
It's not a matter of whether you win or lose, but how you place the blame.
Any tool dropped while repairing a car will roll underneath to the exact center.
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
The nicer someone is, the farther away (s)he is from you.
Veterinary Taxidermist - Either way you get your dog or cat back.
She wouldn't know up from down if she had three guesses.
Colin - lies to women and blows up public buildings.
Please let me know if you don't receive this message.
Sometimes it hurts to love, but you can still love.
Thou anointest my day with pep; my mug runneth over.
Standing in the middle of the road is dangerous. You will get knocked down by the traffic from both ways.
To my sweetheart: My cooking's gotten better since I fondue.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two tired.
Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic? It's quite uncanny.
I loved it so many were very good! Iliked 12, and 13, oh and 11 oh...i liked them all.
An amoebit. It can multiply and divide at the same time.
Data, give me a reading. It appears to be a tagline.
Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
It is believed that all jokes on this web site are in the public domain.
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine.
Three guys were debating who had the best memory.
If you get to it and you can't do it, well there you jolly well are, aren't you.
The Weakest Link: In sport, the name of which famous racehorse was the word "murder" spelt backwards ?
Average temperature increases with the amount of clothing brought.
I know you think you understood what I said, but what you heard was not what I meant.
The steam iron only burps rusty water on light silk fabric.
Next I tried working in a muffler factory but that was exhausting.
My boss is just like a diaper: Always on my ass and always full of shit!
Never take life seriously....nobody ever gets out alive anyway.
Even with an IQ of 6000, it's still brown trousers time.
The son replied, "I'm going to catch some ducks".
All progress is based on a universal innate desire on the part of every organization to live beyond its income.
Honk if you've never seen a shotgun fired from a moving car.
It leadeth me in the paths of consciousness for its name's sake.
If you stop, you'll probably stress yourself to death in record time.
A husband is what's left of the lover once the nerve has been extracted.
War does not decide who is right, only who is left.
If only one price can be obtained for a quotation, the price will be unreasonable.
As You Shall Make Your Bed So Shall You... Mess It Up.
Why are wise men and wise guys the exact opposites?
It's all over when the fat lady sits on your face.
Whenever the construction process is going well, the bobbin thread runs out.
Don't worry, it'll only seem kinky the first time.
I'd like to live like a poor person with lots of money.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they may cancel your VISA.
Save time when crossing a one-way street by only looking in the direction of oncoming traffic.
You pretend to work, and we'll pretend to pay you.
Don't wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it.
Let us so live that when we die even the undertaker will be sorry.
What would you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other?
I was in the grocery store. I saw a sign that said pet supplies. So I did.
Heck is a place for people who don't believe in Gosh.
But wait, you MAKE it to 60. You didn't think you would!
Would you trust a POLITICIAN to run the country?
Marital status: single. Unmarried. Unengaged. Uninvolved. No commitments.
Why do they call those buildings "Apartments" where people live very close to each other?
It is important to stay cool, but be sure to not get frostbite.
A little old lady goes into the store to do some shopping.
Taco Bell Laboratories: where UNIX programmers eat out.
Don't blame me... It's not my fault... blame someone else...
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Both New Zealand men are searching the island for sheep.
Curious how naked death is less obscene than naked women.
I'm terribly sorry, but I'm afraid you're just a mirage.
Share it with someone special . . . special enough to have your time. . .
Whoever said, "When in Rome, do as the Romans do," has never driven a car there.
Terminal Illness............Getting sick at the airport.
The end of your tie doesn't come anywhere near the top of your pants.
Reality is a fictitious concept I find aesthetically appealing.
The enemy "Alway's" times his attack, to the second you drop your pant's in the Latrine!!
Never give yourself a haircut after three margaritas.
Save California; when you leave take someone with you.
Committee: A life form with six legs and no brain.
As soon as you are served hot chow in the field, it rains.
The bartender lines up seven shots and goes to get the beer.
Did you here about the blonde who taught her dog to wee in the gutter...............It fell off the roof !!!!
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
Did you hear about Evil Kneivel's cousin, Ku Klux Kneivel?
Textbook is confusing ... someone with a knowledge of Englishshould proofread it.
Why is it called lipstick if you can move your lips?
I don't know what I like, but I know what art is.
Reincarnation means you never get away with anything.
Certain pieces contain adult content, nudity, violence, and foul language!
If something is confidential, it will be left in the copier machine.
We have a equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.
Don't mess with something that ain't bothering you.
Give: Support the helpless victims of computer error.
The greatest pleasure is doing what they said couldn't be done.
Thou shalt not commit adultery... unless in the mood.
I am one with the universe - on a scale from one to ten.
People who think they know what they're doing are especially annoying to those of us who do.
Cats must crawl into the dishwasher when it is full of clean dishes.
Deciding whom to marry is the most important decision you'll ever make.
Difference between a house and a home - a family.
Your kitchen has a sticky film of grease over it.
Federal Expresso: When you absolutely, positively have to stay up all night.
Admiration - Recognizing another's resemblance to ourselves.
Aaron supplied the answer to this one : Rudolph the Red Knows Rain, Dear. Am I right, or am I unright?
Want to confuse people? Quote from the wrong message!
What do you call a boom-a-rang that dosen't come back?
When a couple have a baby, who is responsible for it's sex?
I'm a tagline. When I grow up I wanna be a novel.
IF YOU DON'T LIKE MY DRIVING, STAY OFF THE SIDEWALK!!!
Always tell the truth ..be ready to run like h***!
Software bugs are impossible to detect by anybody except the end user.
He invites a couple of buddies over to watch the tape.
I call things as I see them. Otherwise, I make them up.
Do agnostics really say, 'Oh, bother' when their planes go down?
Why, oh why, Lord, did you create stupid people too?
If the Platoon Sergeant can see you, so can the enemy.
Pilots who can see you when dropping you supplies cannot see you when dropping bombs.
Drive carefully, we need every taxpayer we can get.
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Female......The open sharing of thoughts and feelings with one's partner.
When on a roll, should you be concerned or jelly-filled?
AT WORK.........You spend most of your time in a 6x8 cubicle.
Mathematics is the language God used to write the universe.
The two Greek men are sleeping with each other, and the Greek woman is cleaning and cooking for them.
I am McMahon of Borg. You may already be assimilated.
Sex is like maths. Add bed, subtract clothes, divide legs and multiply.
Crime Control: Fire a warning shot into thier heart.
You avoid motels, especially if there is an acquaintance within a 250 mile radius of your destination.
JOB: A state of employment everyone wants but few look forward to on a Monday morning.
It's so much better to live rich than to die rich.
The teacher looked at the boy's angelic face and writhed in agony, turning three shades of red.
The strength of woman lies in her ability to love.
Toaster: A gift that every member of the family appreciates. Automatically burns toast.
If needed, these jokes may be used to induce vomitting.
What do you call a musician without a girlfriend?
What is the difference between a crazy bunny and a counterfeit banknote?
When a woman says No she really means Yes, but not with you.
Why is it that opportunity always knocks but temptation feels free to walk right in?
Why is it a 'garage door opener', since it opens and closes the door?
Every politician has a price, some hold bargain sales.
Don't steal.. The government does not like the competition.
If evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve.
People who are often in a hurry imagine they are energetic, when in most cases they are simply inefficient.
Every minute you are angry wastes 60 happy seconds.
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
The good news today is that there aren't nearly as many whales beaching themselves and dying anymore.
The few silverware you have is mismatched and plastic.
I know my biology; it's your biology I don't know.
Male.......Leaving a note before taking off for a weekend with the boys.
Blessed are the flexible, for they can tie themselves into knots.
The trouble with life is there's no background music.
True power is when what you say is only the tip of the iceberg of what you really know.
Etc.: A sign to make others believe that you know more than you actually do.
It's a tragedy that no man becomes like his mother.
If things improve with age, I'm nearly magnificent.
The faster way to discover all your bad habits is to move in with your lover.
When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.
DEFINITION: Cp/m - Program listing for 'Look in the evening section'.
Two cannibals are eating a clown, one looks at the other and says This tastes funny.
Your village called. They want their idiot back.
Don't feel sad...don't feel blue...Frankenstein was ugly too...
Sweetheart: I'm arching my back. Oh baby. I just want to feel your tongue all over me.
Xerox and Wurlitzer will merge to market reproductive organs.
Did you hear about the man who was tap dancing? - He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink.
Why are there floation devices under the airplane seats instead of parachutes?
When you're finally holding all the cards, why does everyone else decide to play chess?
How is it that a building burns up as it burns down?
Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well being.
Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm. Gag me with a smurfette.
And thus the tradition of angels atop the Christmas trees came to pass........
Two kinds of people: Those who finish what they start and ...
He who pulls the oars does not have time to rock the boat.
Do you read Asimov?? He had the exact same idea in a short story called....The Jokester, I think.
Note: Please don't misconstrue my 14 jobs as "job-hopping." I have never quit a job.
If there is H2O on the inside of a fire hydrant, what is on the outside? K9P.
Therapy is expensive. Poppin' bubble wrap is free!!
As they may be connected to the ass that I have to kiss tomorrow.
My tire was thumping. I thought it was flat. When I looked at the tire... I noticed your cat. Sorry!
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
Go ahead! It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
Anything that is designed to do more than one thing cannot do any of them well.
Traffic Watch warns other drivers what highway you're taking.
Spencer - loves it right up there, normally with a toilet roll and a hamster.
Man who walk through airport door sideways is going to Bangkok.
God created man before creating woman, because you need a rough draft before creating a masterpiece.
WELLHUNG: OK, but I can`t see very well without them. I place the glasses on the night table.
To live in the hearts we leave behind, is not to die.
If you can see the floor, it doesn't need to be cleaned.
Only in America... do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.
If we do what is necessary, all the odds are in our favor.
Yes and No are perfectly acceptable answers to almost every question.
The Genie let! out a long sigh and said, Let me see that map again . . .
My Boss said to me " What you see as a glass ceiling, I see as a protective barrier.
The road to to success is always under construction.
If you don't love, you can't live; if you don't live, you can't love.
You couldn't pour water out of a boot with the instructions written on the heel.
Programmer - A red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate objects.
When reviewing your notes for a test, the most important ones will be illegible.
I am learning that criticism is not nearly as effective as sabotage.
Do they use sterilized needles for lethal injections?
Mop and Glo - The floor wax used by Three-Mile-Island cleanup team.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory!
Very good, Einstein, but next time show your work.
Go where no man has gone b4! The ladies Bathroom!
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
Gambling: a way of getting nothing for something.
Make your girlfriend cry when you're having sex by phoning her up and telling her.
WELCOME TO SOUTH CAROLINA - Set your watch back 20 years.
A joke that a Jew has heard and knows how to tell it better.
Here's the latest baseball scores...1-3, 4-2, 1-2, 4-6.
My mother taught me to read when I was four years old (her first mistake).
Ever get so drunk that when you put money in the jukebox, a pack of Marlboros falls out?
Here's your sign, guys. Don't get it wet; the paint might run.
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
I'm from the government and I'm here to help you.
Getting a little action means your prune juice is working.
Why are you looking down here? The joke is above!
Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
To be happy with a man you must understand him a lot and love him a little.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors; also, it took him 10 years to paint Mona Lisa's lips.
If a horse is advertised under $5,000, you can bet he isn't $2,500.
I also bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
What did St. Peter say to Di at the pearly gates?
Never play strip poker with a nudist, they have nothing to lose.
At Age 4 success is . . . not peeing in your pants.
The origin of the universe: First, there was nothing. Then it exploded.
Observation: When you are over the hill, you begin to pick up speed.
If someone says something unkind about me, I must live so that no one will believe it.
What exactly is midair? Is there some part of the air besides the mid part?
Smile.... it makes others wonder what you're thinking.
I don't know of anything better than a woman if you want to spend money where it shows.
I couldn't balance a checkbook if Einstein helped.
What's the difference between a Trumpet player and the rear end of a horse?
Kinky: using feathers. Perverted: using whole chickens.
When you're looking for that perfect comeback, that slam-dunk of comments.... search no more!
Three...one to mix the batter and two to squeeze the rabbit.
If you are obsessive compulsive, please press 1 repeatedly.
Between 36 and 40 a woman is like France. Gently aging but still a warm and desirable place to visit.
A smile is the cheapest way to improve your looks, even if your teeth are crooked.
Telephone numbers with a word prefix...(Raymond 4-601).
Be happy while you're living, for you're a long time dead.
Why do 10 pounds of grocery leave 50 pounds of trash?
An optimist says Good morning, God, a pessimist says Good God, morning.
It's better to understand little than misunderstand a lot.
Inside every complex and unworkable program is a useful routine struggling to be free.
The amount of sleep needed by the average person is ten minutes more.
Time between slipping on a peel and smacking the pavement: bananosecond.
How to become immortal: Read this again tomorrow and follow its advice.
Things that must be together to work usually can't be shipped together.
I know that the work cycle is not plan/start/finish, but is wait/plan/plan.
Love is a complicated machine ... sometimes all you need is a good screw to fix it.
They must be going to have a party upstairs - two nuts are trying to push an organ up the passage.
If you must burn our flag, please wrap yourself in it first.
Rocking chairs and swings with an old person in them are history lessons.
There is nothing more satisfying than having someone take a shot at you, and miss.
I want to die like my Grampa - in my sleep. Not yelling and screaming like the passengers in his car...
Where can you buy those little plastic ends to put on your shoe laces?
Obi Wan never told you what happened to your father.
Everyone is a damn fool for at least 5 minutes a day; wisdom consists of not exceeding the limit.
Laughter: The shortest distance between two people.
AMNESIA: condition that enables a woman who has gone through labor to have kids again.
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
Your parents buy Sears/Montgomery Ward appliances believing they are the best.
Why be difficult when with a bit of effort you can be impossible?
It is well to remember that the entire universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others.
It is not the size of the dog in the fight but the size of the fight in the dog.
Good: Your daughter's on the Pill. Bad: She's eleven.
Toilet paper supplied by the Master of the Rolls.
You're only young once - but you can be immature forever.
I heard you got a brain transplant and the brain rejected you!
Vacation is what you take when you can't take what you've been taking any longer.
Warning: Retiree--knows it all and has plenty of time to tell you about it.
The world gets better every day, then worse again in the evening.
Somewhere in the following list is your new motto. It's up to you to find it.
Why are hemorrhoids call hemorrhoids instead of assteroids?
If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.
He who thinks by the inch and talks by the yard deserves to be kicked by the foot.
The grape is the national fruit of France. In fact, they seem to have a raisin for everything they do.
Hey! Those aren't dilithium; they're Folgers crystals!
Our field is arthritis research, they explained jointly.
Why did God create Whiskey? To keep the Irish from ruling the world!!
Remember: If it wasn't for C, we'd be using BASI, PASAL and OBOL!
If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong.
Spin: thar be large pipes obandwith near yeol univarsety.
I used to be a bartender at the Betty Ford Clinic.
I hate women because they always know where things are.
For sale: an antique desk suitable for lady with thick legs and large drawers.
Too many Christians are no longer fishers of men but keepers of the aquarium.
He : Ghumenge, phirenge, naachenge, gayenge. aaish karenge aur kya?
Sex is like air; it isn't important until you aren't getting any.
About 5.30 p.m. the phone rang, disturbing the bedroom shenanigans.
Why would women be better off if men treated them like cars?
Calling you stupid would be an insult to stupid people.
The patient's family gathered to hear what the specialists had to say.
I had some words with my wife, and she had some paragraphs with me.
That is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you.
Golf: A five mile walk punctuated with disappointments.
Man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
The cost of feathers is higher, that makes down up.
If you're born again, do you have two belly buttons?
HAL 9000: Dave. Put down those Windows disks, Dave. DAVE!
I'd think it more a case of 'Champers all round' myself ...
Nothing was ever accomplished by a reasonable person.
Every night you're beginning to find your roommate's cat more and more attractive.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
No matter what you want to do, there's always something else that has to be done first.
Go shopping. Buy Stuff. Sweat in it. Return it the next day.
If you follow in others footsteps you will never leave yours behind.
All power corrupts. Absolute power is kinda neat though.
If the crooks are within pistol range, so are you.
I love deadlines - and that whooshing sound they make when they go flying by.
The man, now kind of annoyed says yes and the two depart.
A person is as big as the things that make him angry.
In Western Europe, they did not know what 'shortage' meant.
Jesus Loves You -- Everyone Else Thinks you're a Fucking Cunt!
I'm surprised you stopped me, Dunk'in Doughnuts has a 3 for 1 special!
Why do airlines call flights nonstop? Won't they all stop eventually?
We are Homer of Borg. Resistance is futi - OOOH, DONUTS!!
Most of the shadows that cross our path in life are caused by standing in our own light.
To attract men, I wear a special perfume...it's called "New Car Interior".
All the planes have both a bathroom and a chapel.
The dumb are abused by the smart and the smart destroyed by their own cunning.
Cynicism is merely an unpleasant way of speaking the truth.
Copyright 2001 - 2003 Carlos Macasaet. All rights reserved.
Of the many things that Lisa taught me, the most important was to laugh during serious moments.
Never try to teach a pig to sing ... It only wastes your time and annoys the pig.
If women are from Venus, then why can't we send them back?
The zoo is a place for animals to study the behavior of human beings.
Success occurs when no one is looking, failure occurs when the Fire Control Officer is watching.
Hear about the guy who lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.
If Mother Nature were smart she'd have leaves fall up.
A recent survey showed that the nine out of ten men that preferred Camels have switched back to women.
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Two privates paused before a cage in the zoo. "It has two stripes," said one private.
They put smoke in every electronic component, thats why if the smoke gets out the component is stuffed.
Children are natural mimics. They act like their parents in spite of every attempt to teach them good manners.
My wife says I never listen to her. At least I think that's what she said.
If At First You Don't Succeed... Get New Batteries.
And now, the Superstore - unequaled in size, unmatched in variety, unrivaled inconvenience.
Wait until it is night before saying it has been a fine day.
Politicians, like diapers, should be changed frequently, and for the same reasons.
She kept saying I didn't listen to her, or something like that.
The most important item in an order will no longer be available.
Diplomacy is saying doggyuntil you find a rock.
For my sister's 40th birthday, I sent her a singing mammogram.
Here for the first time is a description of their properties.
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress? Congress!
Some succeed because they are destined to. But most succeed because they are determined to.
If you spin an Oriental person around and around, does he become disorientated?
She had a body like a burlap bag full of bobcats.
Some people just don't know how to drive. I call these people "Everybody But Me".
Frequently gets lost in thought? Could be unfamiliar territory.
Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
People who live in glass houses should dress in the dark.
Pornographic materials? I don't even have a pornograph!
This site built and hosted for free by FreeWebs.com.
If it don't seem like it's worth the effort, it probably ain't.
Trouble at work? Need some relief? Go to the head!
I've Got The Hungries For Your Love And I'm Waiting In Your Welfare Line.
Kevorkian Virus: helps your computer shut down whenever it wants to.
The dump was so full that it had to refuse more refuse.
Use "DEVICE=EXXON" to screw up your environment.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything...a good reason and the real reason.
As he got out, a truck passed too closely and completely tore off the door on the driver's side.
It is so simple to be smart. Just think of something really dumb to say, and then say the opposite.
Generally, you ain't learnin' nothing when your mouth's a-jawin'.
Wrinkled was not one of the things I wanted to be when I grew up!
Beware of those who don't think they need to train!
What would be the point, they act like that all the time.
The most enjoyable form of sex education is the Braille method.
I like the first dress you tried on better = Pick any freakin' dress and let's go!
Virtual Reality, for people who can't handle the real one.
Why do you wear a pair of panties and only one bra?
If a man watches 3 football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
Three men were standing side-by-side using the urinal.
I always wanted to be something, I wish I'd been more specific.
Never get between a fat guy and the candy machine.
The best ones are rich, hot and can keep you up all night.
Oh Lord, if I cannot be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
Honolulu - it's got everything. Sand for the children, sun for the wife, sharks for the wife's mother.
If more than one person is responsible for a miscalculation, no one will be at fault.
The futures market will go up the limit the day after you sell.
Everything going good? You must have overlooked something.
JESUS SAVES...He Passes It To Gretzky...Gretzky Shoots...He Scores!
Some days you're a bug, other days you're a windshield.
Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
I majored in liberal arts. Would you like to super-size that?
Your underware starts creeping up on you--and you enjoy it.
No matter what happens, there is always someone that believes it happened according to his or her pet theory.
Now there's a brighter light bulb in the living room.
Today I was arrested for scalping low numbers at the deli. I sold a #3 for 28 bucks.
Happiness is a TARDIS with a working dematerialization circuit.
No experiment is ever a complete failure - it can always serve a negative example.
Sex is like a bridge game: If you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.
System going down at 1:45 p.m. for disk crashing.
My Son Just Came Out of the Closet and All I Got Was This Lousy T-Shirt.
Belinda - pleasing on the eye, usually has a couple of good points.
Computers are fast and efficient because they don't have to stop to answer telephone calls or door!
Anyone who makes an absolute statement is a fool.
A bad sector disk error occurs only after you've done several hours of work without performing a backup.
Three correct guesses in a row and you qualify to be an expert.
Click on the comments link above to post your comments or read what others had to say about this site/listing.
You know how to tell if the teacher is hung over? Movie Day.
There is no substitute for good manners - except maybe fast reflexes.
If you are paranoid-delusional, we know who you are and what you want.
All you can do is stalk them and hope they panic and give in.
A contented person has learned to accept the bitter with the sweet.
Network: anything reticulated or decussated at equal intervals, with interstices between the intersections.
My ex-wife was so cold that when you spread her legs a little white light came on!
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
From: "Ted Smith" tcsmith#NoSpam.calweb.com A day without fusion is like a day without sunshine.
Mistakes were corrected by simply exclaiming, Do Over!?
Customers outside Australia please ask us for details of a partner near you.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer somebody else up.
You trust only foreign cars (Accord or Camry, metallic green).
The only alternative to perseverance is failure.
MATH ANXIETY: An intense lifelong fear of two trains approaching each other at speeds of 60 and 80 mph.
The most essential parts are always on back-order.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean that people aren't out to get you.
Do subliminal(send)messages (me)really(money) work?
Lance - Plays with his penis cos no one else will.
Electric clocks reveal to you precisly when your fuses blew.
The best way to change a person's mind is to bash them in the head with a rock.
You know that "Mission Impossible" was much more than a TV show.
Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand.
Cheer loudly at 8.00pm each Saturday to fool the neighbours into thinking you have won the Lottery.
Be bold in what you stand for; and careful what you fall for.
Jesus Loves You, The Rest of Us Think You're An Idiot.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
Mit anderen Worten: Schneller kann man auf der Erde kaum abstrzen.
And my #1 Favorite is........" HOW WOULD YOU MAKE A MARRIAGE WORK?
Memories keep the wolf of insignificance from the door.
In 1976, a Los Angeles secretary formally married her 50-pound pet rock.
I have animal magnetism. When I go outside, squirrels are attracted to me.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating?
I asked my wife if she wanted to know how I do this trick.
If you pulled the wings off of a fly would you call it a walk?
The fastest way to find something you've lost is to replace it.
Yeh arabeh ro yebar bargh gereft, goft velam kon ta velet konom.
Ignorance or apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
Intimacy, n. - A relation into which fools are providentially drawn for their mutual destruction.
He devotes his spare time to neglecting his duties.
Corollary 1: No one you ask for help will see the error either.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend. Dogs are man's best friend.
Why did the Goddess create Whisky? To keep the Gaels from ruling the world!
I wouldn't mind being poor if I had lots of money.
We all ducked when he said "Fahrfergnugen," because he said it with relish.
Some days you are the bug, some days you are the windscreen.
Too much head makes you mad at the person giving you a beer.
A brook would lose its song if God removed the rocks.
Efficiency takes time! Frugality: who can afford it?
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Drinking those moments when the darkness would hit me...
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
One person, one vote (may not apply in certain states).
When people share their fears with you, share some courage.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
It's not the size of the ship, it's the size of the waves.
I haven't lost my mind. It's backed up on disk somewhere.
Some people claim they hear the voice of God. Is this true?
Why does flammable and inflammable mean the same thing?
My new t-shirt idea: Somebody's gotta lose. Might as well be you.
The thing most generally raised on land is taxes.
If we're not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard (or not enough chlorine).
If a stealth bomber crashes in a forest does it make a sound?
Windows 3.1 not found: (C)heer, (P)arty, (D)ance?
It is seldom easy to do what's right or right to do what's easy.
My truck may suck, but I'm still in front of you.
Blessed are the brief for they will be invited again.
A 4 years-old's voice is louder than 200 adults in a crowded restaurant.
Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part.
Experience varies directly with the amount of equipment ruined.
My girlfriend thought it was just a draft, so she scalloped the edges and used it for cupcake liners.
Therapy is expensive, poppin' bubble wrap is cheap! You choose.
He has the heart of a little child... it's in a jar on his desk.
If a program is useful it will be changed, if it is useless, it will be documented.
He who lives for this life only will have eternity to regret it.
Procrastination is a fault that most people put off trying to correct.
Length of a meeting is square the number of people there.
Oh, mean people suck, do we??? Well, yeah right man! Whatever, like - YOU suck man! Yeah, no, YOU suck!
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness the poison.
If you believe in destiny, you'll always have something to blame.
If you do not have a touch-tone phone press 1 now.
Megan could not come to school today because she has been bothered by very close veins.
We are Microsoft. Resistance Is Futile. You will be assimilated!
They're not much fun, but at least you get to push them around.
Bachelor: A guy who has cheated a woman out of a divorce.
I Haven't Gone To Bed With Any Ugly Women, But I've Sure Woke Up With A Few.
Ajit: Abe bewakoof! Head ek ho ya do, kaam to karna hi padega.
Any time you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults is proportional to the number of viewers.
Always borrow money from pessimists. They don't expect it back.
TOP BUNK: where you should never put a child wearing Superman jammies.
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack.
A messy car is a happy car. This car is delirious.
Laugh alone and the world thinks you are an idiot.
Black holes are created where God divided by zero.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's ever there to appreciate it.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
Eating Radium has strange results, Tom said brightly.
Implementing systems is 95% boredom and 5% sheer terror.
If it is tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today...it's already tomorrow in Australia.
She has a mind like a steel trap - rusty and illegal in most places.
The Early Bird Might Get The Worm, But It's The Second Mouse That Get's The Cheese!
The peacemaking meeting scheduled for today has been canceled due to a conflict.
The boy quickly offers to say grace and bows his head.
What do you call a clairvoyant midget who just broke out of prison?
Two. One to change the bulb and the other to assume the existence of a ladder.
Intoxicated: When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.
True friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. False friends are like autumn leaves, scattered everywhere.
If you had a million Shakespeares, could they write like a monkey?
If God had intended man to smoke, he would have set him on fire.
My girlfriend told me I should be more affectionate. So I got two girlfriends.
I wonder how long it's gonna be before a feminist pilot refuses to enter the cockpit.
Why can't skeletons go trick or treating? They have no body to go with!
Three kinds of lies: White lies, lies, and statistics.
I bought a house, on a one-way dead-end road; I don't know how I got there.
YOU CAN TELL A POLISH WORKMAN BY HIS HANDS - they're always in his pockets.
ToiletBathroomHumor-6Pages!
I Been Roped And Thrown By Jesus In The Holy Ghost Corral.
No man is too big to be kind...but many men are too little.
The mistake you make is in trying to figure it out.
Why is it lemon juice contains mostly artificial ingredients, but dishwashing liquid contains real lemons?
Success is a relative term - It brings so many relatives!
Whenever I get a grip on reality, the handle falls off.
REVOLUTIONARY: An oppressed person wating for the opportunity to become an oppressor.
Female.......A device for changing from one TV channel to another.
Never continue dating anyone who is rude to the waiter.
I haven't committed a crime. What I did was fail to comply with the law.
FOREIGN FILM -- any movie shown in Texas theater that isn't a western.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
And then the greatest day of your life...you become 21. Even the words sound like a ceremony...
Why are cigarettes sold at petrol stations where smoking is prohibited?
My girlfriend said I never listen, or something like that.
Sometimes let things happen but sometimes make things happen.
How do "Keep off the grass" signs get where they are?
Sorry, I forgot all about the Amnesia conference!
Cynicism is but idealism gone sour in the face of frustration.
I don't have an attitude; I have a personality you can't handle.
I don't trust sleeping dogs, because they lie. And besides that, people let them lie.
Team effort: a lot of people doing what _I_ say!
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade! And then squeeze it in someones eyes.
Always wanted to be a procrastinator, but never got around to it.
My girlfriend asked me how long I was going to be gone on this tour. I said the whole time.
Excuse me, but isn't assassinating your professor technically cheating?
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
Work fascinates me . . . I could sit and watch it for hours.
Rupert - arrogant twat who is crap in bed but thinks he is a stud.
Easiest way to figure the cost of living: take your income and add ten percent.
It's not true that married women live longer than single women.
Teamsters - Fifteen. You got a problem with that?
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all the evidence that you tried.
When a crash-test-dummy hits his head, and no engineers record the results, does he make a sound?
When you open a new bag of cotton balls, is the first one meant to be thrown away?
Hitler had to keep changing his uniform, because his soldiers kept saluting him with relish.
This is just about the funniest thing I have ever seen!
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and a size 108.7 acres.
My head is sore, and there's a hole in the brick wall!
Marriage is when a man and woman become as one; the trouble starts when they try to decide which one.
I figure that my psychic should know when to call me.
Why are there locks on a 7-11 if they're open 24 hours a day?
Could crop circles be the work of a cereal killer?
He who has had, has been, but he who hasn't been, has been had.
Just because you're paranoid it doesn't mean they aren't out to get you.
You know you're on a diet when postage stamps taste good.
You might be a Desi if, you know all of your friends salary.
Why should we trust the government with automatic weapons?
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
The best beach weather always occurs when you are in the field wearing MOPP 4.
Show me cattle with a sense of humor, and I'll show you laughing stock.
Take the mystery out of driving. Use your turn signal.
Dan - quiet but funny, but becomes easily addicted to narcotics.
My therapy is quite simple: I wag my tail and lick your face until you feel good about yourself again.
The Irish man is very frantic, since both his friends are now inside.
Microsoft: Most intelligent customers realise our software only fools teenagers.
If tin whistles are made of tin, what are fog horns made of?
Actually, I am designing an anti-screen-saver. It burns an image into your screen.
You'll only remember your hand grenades when the sound is too close to use them.
IN AN ADVERTISEMENT BY A HONG KONG DENTIST: Teeth extracted by the latest methodists.
Here's a series of pages that'll show you how to become everyone's worst enemy.
Headline: Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake!
Suicide is the most sincere form of self criticism.
I have the power to channel my imagination into ever-soaring levels of suspicion and paranoia.
Your sweet words suck a morning dew off the honeysuckle.
Order confusing items, i.e., "Hi, I'll have a large orange Coke and a small medium fries, please".
If money is the root of all evil, why do churches want it so badly?
May the bugs of many programs nest on your hard drive.
Synonym: A word used when you can't spell the first one.
There was a great loss recently in the entertainment world.
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it?
I'm so broke I'm thinking about starting my own government...
Why do they call them "buildings" when they're already done building them?
Factory training for continuing education credits.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
It's easy to apply yourself, just use crazy glue!
I want to die while asleep like my Grandfather, not screaming in terror like the passengers in his car.
It's such a fine line between clever and stupid.
Christmas: All I want for Christmas is a box of Smurfs and a mallet.
One evening, Dr. Watson paid an unexpected call on Holmes.
It's not the pace of life that bothers me; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.
Claire - perfect in every way and a complete sex goddess.
If a man could have half his wishes, he would double his troubles.
Why is this thus? What is the reason for this thusness?
The president has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
You've tied up your luggage with rope to keep it from falling apart.
Mercedes Benz : A mechanical device that increases sexual arousal in women.
Every so often, railroad conductors have to go for retraining.
Bumper sticker on a hearse: I'd rather be breathing.
I hate when my foot falls asleep during the day, because that means it will be up all night.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can ignore entirely.
Push something hard enough and eventually it will fall over.
They're the ones with stretch marks around their lips.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
Health nuts will feel stupid some day, lying in the hospital, dying of nothing.
Bryce - fun to be with and will make you laugh, you'll kill him within a week.
Blonde jokes, yo momma jokes, funny lists, lawyer jokes, adult jokes and many more!
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
The first two guys were amazed. "Wow! What happened then?" they asked.
When the crew gets lost in space, at least the women will ask for directions.
When you get to the point where you really understand your computer, it's probably obsolete.
This is a hidden tagline.....Damn they spotted me! AAHH Not ALT-A!!!
If you're going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.
Ask not for whom the bell tolls, let the machine get it.
If you're cross-eyed and have dyslexia, can you read all right?
We can defeat gravity. The problem is the paperwork involved.
Whatever hits the fan will not be distributed evenly.
Want your coffee black? - Are there other colors?
If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
Ever notice how many of women's problems can be traced to the male gender?
My uncle's an airline pilot ... kinda makes it difficult to hold the bottle though...
I keep trying to lose weight but it always finds me.
Don't grumble if you don't have what you want; be thankful you don't get what you deserve.
Be nice to your kids, they'll choose your nursing home.
Which animals did Noah not take on the ark in pairs?
The dead outnumber the living more than 30 to 1.
A college boy delivered a pizza to an old man's house.
Silence is wise if we are foolish, but foolish if we are wise.
Dangerous guys, those dinosaurs. Foot-prints there are, but no finger-prints.
The worst ice cream flavor is probably squirrel.
If at first you don't succeed...forget skydiving.
After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch.
If there were any justice in the world, barking dogs would get sore throats.
WinErr: 006 Malicious error - Desqview found on drive.
If at first you don't succeed, deny you even tried.
If the funeral procession is at night, do folks drive with their headlights off?
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play?
You cannot tell how deep a puddle is until you step in it.
Experience is something you don't get, 'til you need it most.
Learn from the mistakes of others. - You can't live long enough to make them all yourself.
I've learned that no matter how much I care, some people are just assholes.
As far as I'm concerned, all phone calls are obscene.
Do unto your data that which you can undo. To err is human, to undo divine.
Due to recent budget cuts and downsizing, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off.
IBM: It may be slow, but at least it's expensive.
The secret of selling yourself is to have a product you truly believe in.
If you don't like the news, go out and make some.
Marriage means commitment. Of course, so does insanity.
Major philosophies have been built on misinterpretation of parts of Ginsberg's Theorem.
Never forget: 2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.
How 'bout we go on an elevator and cut the cable instead?
What we're really talking about is biologically active herbs. To call them 'herbal supplements' is kind of a joke.
Friends are chocolate chips in the cookie of life!
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you have it made.
I didn't work my way to the top of the food chain to eat vegetables.
Personally, I suffer from #s 1,2,3 and 5. Not very nice to be honest . . .
A friend of mine lives near a pond that I call Lake Inferior.
If the food were any fresher, you'd have to slap it!
No job is so small that it doesn't require all your tools.
If you change to another beer, your old brand will gladly have you back.
Accept that some days you are the pigeon and some days the statue.
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
Surrender now - before I have to offer you better terms.
I studied a long time to become a doctor, but I didn't have any patients.
Chemical properties: Attempts to bond with WO any chance it can get.
He doesn't even have enough wit to be a proper half-wit.
Illiteracy means never having to say...oh what was that word?
Conversation: A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath is called the listener.
If Windows is user friendly, why do you need a 678 page manual?
The White House has always attracted the mentally ill.
Girlfriends do an extraordinary job of eliminating spare time.
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
Excited, Spock opens a box full of pointy ear tips.
When you're up to your hips in alligators, you forget the original project was to drain the swamp.
And God was pleased. And Adam was greatly improved.
Always forgive your enemies - Nothing annoys them so much.
Why is it that writers write but fingers don't fing, grocers don't groce and hammers don't ham?
If everything is coming your way, then you're in the wrong lane!
What's the difference between a condom and a camera??
What's the difference between a woman and a fridge?
Cynic: n. Someone who sees things the way they really are.
As if you care, here is a poem that I wrote. Send it to every one of your friends.
If you do not change direction, you are likely to end up where you are headed.
Geometry is hard. The concept of planes is over my head.
Alison - bra and pants are the same garment, looks better with the light off.
If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
True rejection is when your imaginary friends won't talk to you.
If they arrested the Energizer Bunny, would they charge it with battery?
Experience is directly proportional to the quantity of equipment ruined or destroyed.
Heavens scared of me,and hell thinks I'll take over.
NOTE:The newest quotes are in bold print.
Anything good in life is immoral, illegal or fattening. Anything else causes cancer in rats.
Before money was invented, what did women find attractive about men?
To know yourself is the ultimate form of aggression.
If God had been in favor of homosexuality, He never would have created Anita Bryant!
Whatever you delete today you will desperately need tomorrow.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
Two new chemical elements have recently been discovered.
The dyslexic theorist suffering insomnia is still up all night pondering if there is a Dog.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Why suffer from insanity when you can revel in it?
The only thing houseflies fear more than the Venus fly trap is the hanging plant.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
Thou shalt not jump onto the keyboard when thy human is on the modem.
The world's one big prison, and I'm the warden. Luckily, I'm also asleep.
Some day you will find yourself - and wish you hadn't.
I have a magnetic personality - keep me away from diskettes.
What a wonderful service they had on Christmas Eve.
Experience is the sinking feeling that you have made this mistake before.
Energizer: It keeps going and going and going....
God puts some in places of leadership to shoulder responsibility, not to enjoy privileges.
What's the diff between a Rottwieler and a Poodle?
Since my last report, this employee has reached rock bottom and has started to dig.
He does the work of three men: Larry, Moe and Curly.
Stupid people should have to wear signs that just say, "I'm Stupid".
The most ineffective workers are systematically moved to the place where they can do the least damage: Management.
Your doctor finds traces of blood in your alcohol stream.
Minds are like parachutes--they only function when open.
The act of giving is more important than the merit of the receiver.
Only adults have trouble with child-proof bottles.
Those who do not find time for exercise will have to find time for illness.
TWO-MINUTE WARNING: when the baby's face turns red and she begins to make those familiar grunting noises.
If a word in the dictionary is misspelled, how would we know?
So the User installed the Windows on his computer; and said to the Programmers that it was good.
Ever stopped to think, and forget to start again?
Smile! It makes people wonder what you've been up to.
Technological Civilization: Redundant or Contradictory?
A woman needs a man as much as a fish needs a bicycle.
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
My initial response was to sue her for defamation of character, but then I realized that I had no character.
My doctor told me to have a few drinks and get some rest.
Folk clap when they see you...but they clap their hands over their eyes.
There are plenty more fish in the sea, but who wants to go out with a fish?
Success is just a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Smith called George's wife. Ethel, he said, George is doing fine.
There are no strangers in this world, just friends we've never met.
Cleaning up the dining area means getting the fast food bags out of the back seat of your car.
Why isn't there mouse flavored cat food? There is fish flavored!
Software bugs are correctable only after the software is judged obsolete by the industry.
A man's interest in the world is only an overflow from his interest in himself.
A police dog responds to an ad for work with the FBI.
I love it when we sing hymns I've never heard before.
Every child should be given the opportunity to learn.
Don't try to frighten us with your sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader.
The truth, however, is not pertinent to the issue.
Then you will need to reply to the email yahoogroups sends you.
It is not what they say about you, it's what they whisper.
The important things are always simple; the simple are always hard.
What do you have in common with your husband.?..................We were both married on the same day.
To do is to be -- Marx. Do be do be do -- Sinatra.
I'm trying to arrange my life so I don't have to be present.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
The sooner you fall behind the more time you will have to catch up.
A pig with tattoos, an attitude and a flick knife.
England and America are two countries separated by the same language.
Never insult an alligator until after you have crossed the river.
Chaperones are persons too old to make the team but are still in there intercepting passes.
When any instrument is dropped, it will roll into the least accessible corner.
I'm Immature, unorganized, irresponsible, lazy, and LOUD ... but I'm FUN.
Friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate.
Iraqi bingo: B-52... F-16... A-10... M-1... white flag!
Work normally for a while. Suddenly look amazingly startled by something on the screen and crawl underneath the desk.
If our knees bent the other way, what would a chair look like?
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
Give some people an inch, and they think they are rulers.
How Do You Catch A Tame Rabbit? Tame Way, Unique Up On It.
You know how to make holy water? You take some regular water and you boil the hell out of it.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
My wife and I were happy for 20 years. Then we met.
Blessed are the pessimists, for they make backups!
Peace is our profession, mass murder's just a hobby.
A leader does not impose a decision. He molds one.
Eye of newt, toe of frog, and a side of fries, please.
I've found Jesus! He was behind the couch the whole time.
IN A TOKYO BAR: Special cocktails for ladies with nuts.
If Olivia NewtonJohn married Wayne Newton, then divorced him to marry Elton John, shed be Olivia NewtonJohn Newton John.
Woman who dance while wearing jock strap have make believe ballroom.
Money is the sixth sense that makes it possible to enjoy the five others.
Your study will only make sense as long as your research question is hazy.
Bumper sticker on a toy car: My other car is a fire truck.
Start every class with a smile and get it over with.
If the mechanic says It'll be O.K., it won't.
A child is someone who uses pancakes as an excuse to eat sirrup.
If you don't know what it does, don't fool with it!
The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front of your eyes.
You can never understand the true value of something until you don't have it anymore.
DEFINITION: BASIC- Beginner's All-purpose Sloppy Instruction Code.
This is one of the seven habits of highly effective people!
Life is a grindstone. Whether it grinds you down or polishes you up depends upon what you're made of.
Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill. Check three friends. If they're ok...
The evidence before the court is...INCONTROVERTIBLE!
I married your mother because I wanted children, imagine my disappointment when you came along.
Happiness is seeing Clinton's face on a milk carton.
There are two types of people who should never says 'Oops'. Magicians and dentists.
Why do we wash bath towels? Aren't we clean when we use them?
You're already late on the assignment you just got.
Quasiturbine application : A new atomic element discovered !
A successful baseball player gets a hit only once out of every three tries.
A skeptic is a person who when he sees the handwriting on the wall, claims it's a forgery.
The probability of a diagram or a specification being omitted from a shop manual is directly proportional to its importance.
Washington, D.C. 26 square miles surrounded by reality.
The box said Requires Windows 95 or better. So I installed LINUX.
Tyler: Our generation has had no Great Depression, no Great War. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.
The further you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
Conversation Girl: When we get married, I want to share all your worries, troubles and lighten your burden.
The worst day fishing is better than the best day working.
Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man- who has no gills.
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one.
Dancing is like a shower: one wrong turn and you're in hot water.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
If you can lead it to water and force it drink, it isn't a horse.
You've sent in a resume to appear on America's Most Wanted.
In many cases stress is caused, not by the event itself, but rather by our response to the event.
Why did the Gujju think the film Gandhi was about a woman?
I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my mother- in-law, and headed over the embankment.
Help! We are lost, crazed and starving and without any good books as well.
I'm a citizen of the universe and a gentleman to boot.
All rights left. All lefts reserved. All reserves removed. All removes right.
New shoes don't cut, blister, or mangle your feet.
Beware how you take away hope from any human being.
Sometimes it is enough to show teeth, but if you must bite, bite deep!
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver.
A great game that's hard to master..Hope you enjoy these.
You can go wrong by being too skeptical as readily as by being too trusting.
My brother thinks he's a chicken - we don't talk him out of it because we need the eggs.
If you have a car phone and are over 18, call me at 555-1234; only $.95 per minute.
Did you hear about the Irishman who wanted personalised number plates on his car?
Confidence is what you have when you don't really understand the situation.
The solution to the problem of life is seen in the vanishing of the problem.
Shift to the left! Shift to the right! Pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte!
His wife comes up "Arthur, you've misspelt dyslexia again".
Suffering well borne is better than suffering removed.
Any system which relies on human reliability is unreliable.
On the seventh day, an engineering change introduced UNIX into the Universe, and it hasn't worked right since.
Today is the yesterday you worried about tomorrow.
How many perverts does it take to put in a lightbulb?
Scattered light never gets into your setup where it is possible.
In case of emergency, break glass, scream, bleed to death.
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget.
I'm reading a very interesting book on anti-gravity. I just can't put it down.
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill.
I won't eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick, not wounded, DEAD!
Gun control is not about guns; it's about control.
A man who got up one morning decided it looked so nice out... he would leave it out.
Only in America... are there handicap-parking places in front of a skating rink.
Some things are sacred--I haven't taken them apart yet.
Royal Mail condoms - I saw this and thought of you.
At any suspicious noise he wakes the dog and the dog begins to bark.
Admiration, n. Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Government policy: If it ain't broke, we'll fix it until it is.
Retrieve cat from under bed. Get new pill from bottle (resist impulse to get new cat).
Life is like a movie..How good you do depends on your critics.
WELLHUNG: My hand suddenly jerks spastically and rips your blouse. I`m sorry.
Email message: This is a stickup. Give me your credit card number, or I'll hack into your computer.
Given the choice to sleep with anyone, living or dead, chose the living one.
Before the light bulb was invented, what appeared over peoples heads when they had an idea?
Many receive advice but only the wise profit from it.
When you do a good deed, get a receipt, heaven may be like the IRS.
Wealthy people miss one of life's greatest thrills . . .
We do not have a doorbell. I will not bark each time I hear one on TV.
My advice if you insist on slimming: Eat as much as you like-just don't swallow it.
Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them!
Bullshit might get you to the top, but it won"t keep you there.
Tolerances will accumulate unidirectional towards maximum difficulty of assembly.
The people who followed the Lord were called the 12 decibels.
SWEETHEART: Your pants are finally off. I kiss you passionately. Our naked bodies pressing against each other.
Experience is a good teacher but her fees are high...
He smiled, handed her $50 and led her over to the pinball machine.
Well cover me in egg  flour and bake me for 14 minutes.
Classic: A book that everybody wants to have read, and nobody wants to read.
Personality: Likes to hang with frat-boy pals and looking to get totally drunk...and naked.
I refuse to have a battle of the wits with an unarmed person!
If you judge people, you will have no time to love them.
Marking all A's on the report card would make your life SOOOO much simpler.
God gives every bird its food but he doesn't throw it to its nest.
IN PRISON.......You get time off for good behavior.
I love my country. It's the government I'm afraid of.
If a turtle lost its shell, would he be naked or homeless?
They say hard work never hurt anybody, but why take the chance.
Learn the wisdom of compromise, for it is better to bend a little than to break.
If you don't understand it, it must be intuitively obvious.
If you don't like me tailgating, buy bumper stickers with bigger words.
When I was young I was told that anyone could be president. Now I'm beginning to believe it.
Using the giant buttered toast-cat array, a high-speed monorail could easily link New York with Chicago.
A true friend is one that lets his grass grow as tall as his neighbor's.
Access refused for security reasons. Contact webmaster@ualberta.ca for more details.
How do you know when you've walked into a lesbian bar?
That night, the door bell rings, the bloke opens the door and his mate introduces him to his blind date.
There are two theories on how to argue with women. Neither one works.
A subject interesting to the teacher will bore students.
My marriage is based on him believing he won the arguments.
Sanity is the admission of reality into one's mind.
The pen is mightier than the sword, until it runs out of ink.
It helps to bring God near and washes the dust of earth from your eyes.
The e-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail.
If at first you don't succeed ...... skydiving isn't for you.
Again without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5, and goes back to sleep.
The young man looks at his watch and says: She'll be 18 in 20 minutes.
I know UNIX, PASCAL, C, FORTRAN, COBOL, and nineteen other high-tech words.
No one would ever have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in a storm.
Did you hear that O.J. Simpson is getting married again?
What happens to the holes when all the cheese has been eaten?
That's the problem with the gene pool: NO Lifeguards!
If you were any stupider... well... scratch that. You couldn't be.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
This week's Psychic Meeting has been canceled due to unforeseen problems.
Hathem - smooth, but manipulative, not to bet trusted around young girls.
The meek will inherit the earth ... the rest of us will go to the stars.
WELLHUNG: I`m so sorry; Really!!! I'm taking what's left of your blouse and wiping your breasts off.
Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.
Yield to temptation ... it may never pass your way again.
Spotted in a toilet of a London office: Toilet out of order. Please use floor below ...
MISSING! Tagline, 54 characters long, last seen in NJ.
Solitude: A great place to visit, but a bad place to stay.
We all can't be heroes. Somebody has to sit on the sides and clap as they go by.
You think surfing is something you do on dry land.
True multitasking: running Win95 and WinNT on the same machine...
When we talk to God it's called prayer. When God talks back it's called schizophrenia.
Agent: Hello. I would like to order 19 large pizzas and 67 cans of soda.
New jokes are added periodically at the bottom of the list, with the top ones being deleted.
PEOPLE -- some make things happen, some watch things happen, and the majority has no idea what's happened.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're practically invulnerable.
How could two people as beautiful as you... have such an ugly baby?
Doctor's say I have a multiple personality, but we don't agree with that.
The pastor invited her to wait in the warm church for the next bus 45 minutes later.
C'mon smile when you rage at me I know you love me I can feel it.
Life is like a mirror, if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.
Sharon - shags like a locomotive, yo-yo knickers.
Whenever there is a flat surface, someone will find something to put on it.
All 15 round magazines will be a few rounds short in a firefight.
They give milk...and cookies, but I don't recommend the cookies.
Why do those who pay the least complain the most?
It's difficult for men to make eye contact, breasts don't have eyes.
If you shoot a mime, do you have to use a silencer?
A guy with a seven inch tongue that can breath through his ears.
Watch where you go...remember where you've been...
I'd love to ask how old you are, but unfortunately I know you can't count that high.
You ain't cheatin', you ain't tryin'; you get caught cheatin', you ain't tryin' hard enough.
For every credibility gap there is a gullibility fill.
Dancing cheek-to-cheek is really a form of floor play.
How many GLADIATORS does it take to change a light bulb?
Eat more lamb. Fifty thousand coyote can't be wrong.
Computers are a more fun way to do the same work you'd have to do without them.
Toy store for the children of literate parents: Toys-Are-We.
It's better to be thought a fool, then to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
If your parents did not have any children, chances are you won't either.
Can you believe it? The computer just did what I asked!
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun - and fun a lot more work.
Why do they lock restrooms at gas stations? Are they afraid someone will sneak in and clean them up?
My ambition is to live forever - so far, so good!
Show me a woman who doesn't feel guilty and I'll show you a man.
With sin, a human falls into it and a saint grieves at it.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
When choosing between two evils, I always take the one I haven't tried before.
They drove to Staten Island and to the same house where the pastor had taken the woman three days earlier.
Usage: Highly ornamental. An extremely good catalyst for disintegration of wealth. Probably the single most powerful income reducing agent known.
The trouble with bucket seats is not everybody has the same size bucket.
When faced with two evils, take the one you haven't tried before.
My high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph.
PubMed is great. It's even better if your department actually subscribes to the journals that it links to.
Adding manpower to a late software product makes it later.
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
Lead me not into temptation; I'll find my own way.
Why are hemorrhoids called "hemorrhoids" instead of "assteroids"?
Thou shalt not unroll all of the toilet paper off the roll.
If you need a helping hand, look at the end of your arm.
God loves stupid people. That's why he made so many.
The early worm gets eaten by the bird, so sleep late.
Your mouthiest traffic violator will be related to the sheriff.
What Part of http:/ www.kissmyass.com Don't you understand??
If you say sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong.
H: pherevhey,nachevhey,geevevhey,khevevhey,eesh karav,beyy kya??
Borrow money from pessimist, they don't expect it back.
This sentence contains only one nonstandard English flutzpah.
Frostbite Falls Minnesota, home of Watsa Matta U.
If at first you don't succeed, hide all evidence that you tried.
The death rate on Earth is: .... (computing) .... One per person.
Trickle down is what a dog does to a fire hydrant.
None. If the government would just leave it alone, it would screw itself in!
Kramer's Law: You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
Espresso: Ultra-efficient caffeine delivery system.
Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
So, where can someone practice with a phaser around here?
Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.
Don't be alarmed, Arthur Dent... Be very, very frightened.
No one has ever complained of a parachute not opening.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months . . . I don't like to interrupt her.
Last time I went camping I accidently borrowed a circus tent.
I will never rush into a job without a lifetime of consideration.
Why do they use sterile needles for lethal injections?
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried.
Tardis Express: When it absolutely, positively, has to be there before you mailed it!
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who put them into action are priceless.
I'm currently researching an article: Lorna Doon, the Novel and the Cookie.
Complex problems have simple, easy to understand, wrong answers.
If 7-11 is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, why are there locks on the doors?
Although I'm not Canadian, I tend to like their bacon.
JESUS SAVES . .Then Passes It To Gretzky . .He Shoots.. He..Scores!
Trees that grow in smoggy cities are needed to make carbon paper.
Nothing a Pan-Galactic Gargle Blaster won't cure!
I went to a general store, but they wouldn't let me buy anything specific.
If at first you don't succeed, do it like your mother told you.
A successful marriage isn't finding the right person -- it's being the right person.
Percussive Maintenance - The fine art of whacking the crap out of an electronic device to get it to work again.
Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway.
If you are refinishing a table, shouldn't you have to restart?
In order to reach the sea, a river often detours around many obstacles.
It is hard to soar like an eagle when you are surrounded by turkeys.
Did you hear about the butcher who accidentally backed into the meatgrinder? He got a little behind in his work.
The world will end the day after the warranty expires.
Buddha lived a normal life with wife and children, and when he was thirty left home in search of happiness.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Law begins when someone takes to doing something someone else doesn't like.
Why did the builder of the Taj Mahal decide to name it after my local tandoori takeaway?
There were computers in Biblical times. Eve had an Apple.
Don't Start Any Trouble, And There Won't Be Any!
Green's law of debate: Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
Caution! Do not look into LASER with remaining eye.
An invisible car came out of nowhere, struck my car and vanished.
I'm in a class by myself. Everyone else graduated.
A Woman's Rule of Thumb: If it has tires or testicles, you're going to have trouble with it.
If you save the world too often, it begins to expect it.
Whenever you miss the sandbox, cover it up. Dragging a sock over it helps.
It's a small apartment, I've barely enough room to lay my hat and a few friends.
I have an irrational fear of hornets. They can fly and I can't, and that's just not fair...
Why is it called a driving rain, if it's not safe to drive in it?
In our search for truth let us not be influenced by what is easiest to believe.
There's really not much that can go wrong with your computer untill you turn it on.
Dawn crept across the lawn, searching for her car keys.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
If at first you don't succeed, blame someone else and seek counseling.
If you're trying to drive me crazy, you're too late.
Blessed are they who can laugh at themselves for they shall never cease to be amused.
To every complex problem there is an easy answer; and it is wrong!
Drink your coffee; there are people in India sleeping.
The light seen at the end of a tunnel is at the wrong end.
It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
DEFINITION: Math Chip- A piece of a broken abacus.
I xeroxed my watch. Now I can give away free watches.
Seth - so sweet to other people but is a traitor.
If the police arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?
Some people take too much of vitamin I.
Move your vowels every day or you'll get consonated.
I just haven't been the same since that house fell on my sister.
All I want is a warm bed, a kind word and unlimited power.
Blessed is he who doesn't show hatefulness over what is lost, but instead, shows gratefulness over what is left.
You sat on, washed in, cooked in, dug with, and wore your helmet.
Four-wheel drive just means getting stuck in more inaccessible places.
I am free of all prejudice, I hate everyone equally.
All telephone numbers in America begin with the digits 555.
Those who do not study history, are condemned to study some other social science.
The law says you have to be eighteen, so I wouldn't want to mess with that.
Marriage is the only sport in which the trapped animal has to buy the license.
Optimist - Someone who tells you to cheer up when things are going his way.
Power corrupts, absolute power is pretty cool though.
Democracy is that form of government where everybody gets what the majority deserves.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Facts don't disappear just because they're ignored.
Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
If I learn by mistakes, I'm getting a FABULOUS education.
I live on a one-way dead-end street. Makes sense ?
From: c1prasad#NoSpam.watson.ibm.com (prasad) Entropy isn't what it used to be...
It usually takes weeks to prepare an impromptu speech.
The worst pussy you have ever had is not gone once you have enjoyed it.
Then, my friends, you are almost as good as your DOG!
Why are they called buildings, when they're already finished?
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
Anyone is welcome to use my lawnmower. As long as it doesn't leave my yard.
I think people who vote have an unfair influence over the government.
When you go home after a long day at work you still answer the phone in a business manner.
One night, while her parents were out of town, she invites him over for a little action.
If you thought yesterday was bad, wait till you see what happens today.
The wages of sin are death; but after they're done taking out taxes, it's just a tired feeling.
Lisa - will take all your money and run, gets turned on by porn.
When I'm good I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better.
Eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
JESUS SAVES.... Passes It To Gretzky..He Shoots..He..Scores!
Record of data is essential, it indicates you have been doing something.
Angry words can make us speak our mind when we should be minding our speech.
Why is it called a TV "set" when you only get one?
Why do people keep junks in their garage, while put things that worth thousands of dollars out on the driveway?
Let's all remember the importance of smiles and laughter!
A young second generation Indian in the US, is explaining the significance of Diwali to his younger brother.
A man saw her, and he said: "What are you doing?" And the sexy blonde said: "Duh!!
Kevin - always attracts really fit girlfriends also has a large penis.
I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else.
Ten minutes pass and still no movement from the boy.
Don[singlequote]t look back, something may be gaining on you.
Always use tasteful words - you may have to eat them.
A man is only a man, but a good bicycle is a ride.
I'm a psychic amnesiac. I know in advance what I'm going to forget.
Hi my name is _______. Remember it, cause you'll be screaming it all night long.
Why don't you ever see the headline "Psychic Wins Lottery!"?
Acid consumes 47 times its weight in excess reality.
It's amazing what you can do when your wife puts your mind to it.
A polar bear's skin is black. Its fur is not white, but actually clear.
Two punk rockers are having sex while listening to some music.
Why is the Hooked on Phonics number 1-800-abcdefg?
We've filled the job; our call for resumes is just a legal formality.
The only certainties in life are death and taxes--even for dinos.
I took a course in speed waiting. Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.
If you read in the bathroom, is that multitasking?
There's a quarter on your dresser and your mattress is missing.
If you don't pray in my school, I won't think in your church.
Some call it a six-pack, but to me, it's a support group.
Once you have a firm grip on reality, you can strangle it.
Rated 6.33 out of 10 on the funny scale by Funnybox visitors.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease with 100% mortality.
Most of us have two chances of becoming financially wealthy ... slim and none.
I brake for elves, faries, dragons and other invisible creatures only I can see!
I gave up drinking, smoking and sex. It was the worst 15 minutes of my life.
One is never as happy or unhappy as one imagines.
You know someone who you think can get you a good deal on jewelry or electronics.
The last person that was fired will be held responsible for everything that goes wrong.
Confucius say...Man with tight trousers is pressing his luck.
Hard work never hurt anyone, but why take the chance.
I Just Do What the Voices Inside My Head Tell Me to Do.
A man, showing off his knowledge to another, asked if he knew what shape the world was.
Wholly responsible for two (2) failed financial institutions.
Nails are selectively attracted to the inside dual.
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
Don't burden him with chores, as this could further his stress.
My cat is not a bed hog, he is a mattress appreciator.
I bought my wife a little Italian car. A Mafia. It has a hood under the hood.
The fabric you forgot to pre-shrink will always shrink the most.
Am a perfectionist and rarely if if ever forget details.
During a tornado, are you safer in the bedroom or in the closet?
Heather: I'm scared to close my eyes. I'm scared to open them.
You will spend the rest of your life in the future.
Stacey - likes cut off jeans and arseless Speedo's.
When everything's coming your way, you're going the wrong way.
It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is...dead, Jim.
Madness takes its toll - please have exact change ready.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Hard Work Often Pays Off After Time, but Laziness Always Pays Off Now.
Reality? That's where the pizza delivery guy comes from!
Therapy is expensive  popping bubble wrap is cheap! You choose.
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission.
Daddy now has someone who has more in common with him.
The Italian government is considering installing a clock in the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
Save sinners! You can redeem them for prizes at the front desk.
Windows is *NOT* a virus. Viruses *DO* something!
Eagles fly, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Theft from a single author is plagiarism - from three or more is research.
Note: If you read 710 upside down.... it spells OIL!!!!
Machine-independent: does not run on any existing machine.
If Clinton is the answer it must be a stupid question.
If you tickled a cow, would milk come out of its' nose?
Never smack a man whos chewin tobacco.
Clairvoyants meeting cancelled due to unforeseen events.
Man who argue with wife all day get no peace at night.
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
This isn't burger king, you can't have it your way.
When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found to have been correct in the first place.
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
A vibration is a motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
You are really old when your back goes out more often than you do!
Jim's Law of Dieting: You gain two pounds for every pound of food you eat.
Why did they build the ruins so close to the road?
A city is a large community where people are lonely together.
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength.
Ok, I pulled the pin. Now what? Where are you going?
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure does make misery a whole lot more pleasent.
What causes God to intervene in earthly affairs?
How do horn players traditionally greet each other?
When the Black Mass goes awry, stay away from the Evil Priest. Enraged demons always go for the pompous.
I procrastinate, especially when the task is unpleasant.
The sparrow thought it was the end, but the manure warmed him and defrosted his wings!
Any man who laughs at women's clothes has never paid the bill for them.
If you weren't on the sidewalk I never would've hit you.
What do you do if you come across an elephant in the jungle?
If at first you don't succeed, call in an airstrike.
After about a week, I asked her how it was going.
Savor the taste of marinated frog hearts in clotted cream.
Mushrooms always grow in damp places, which is why they look like umbrellas.
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
You simply *must* stop taking other people's advice.
You know most packages say 'open here'. What is the protocol if the package says 'open somewhere else'.?
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
Why are there 5 syllables in the word 'monosyllabic'?
The second two digits are your age!!! It really works.
The lady immediately blushed and called the cops. A cop showed up and immediately gave me a ticket.
Don't let the past hold you back. You're missing today's good stuff.
And they shall plow their swords into beach chairs.
Leftists are among the first to speak of their rights.
I was arrested for scalping low numbers at the Deli. Sold 'em a 3 for 28 bucks.
When you do a good deed, get a receipt--in case heaven is like the Inland Revenue.
I am the world's greatest authority on my own opinion.
Wooden legs are not hereditary; wooden heads are.
Bomb disposal experts' wives. Keep hubby on his toes by packing his lunchbox with plasticine and an old alarm clock.
You'll be six months behind schedule on your first day.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Confucius say...He who walk through airport door sideways going to Bangkok.
With extremely few exceptions, nothing is worth the trouble.
You might be a Desi if, there are more that 4 guys living in a 2-bedroom apartment.
University of Phoenix Online. The campus is virtual. The degree is real.
How many trombonists does it take to change a light bulb?
A crumb from a winner's table is better than a feast from a loser's table!
WinErr: 010 Reserved for future mistakes by our developers.
An excellent survival kit - a well filled wallet.
Falling in love is awfully simple. Falling out of love is simply awful.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
It's always a good idea to keep the pointy end going forward as much as possible.
If you are running for a short line, it suddenly becomes a long line.
Write a program that plays the Rocky theme song and play it at the highest volume possible over  over again.
You're just jealous because the little people only talk to me!
The most heavily traveled streets spend the most time under construction.
Confucius say...He who fishes in others' holes often catches crabs.
Why do we sing 'Take me out to the ball game', when we are already there?
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
Your Mom and I got married first then lived together.
Your car horn will always get stuck when your're behind a group of Hell's Angels.
Disco is to music what the Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
We often see further through a tear, than through a telescope.
If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.
The rare bird will fly away as you are raising your binoculars.
My husband and I divorced over religious differences.
Nobody has ever, ever, EVER learned all of WordPerfect.
None of your graduate work needs to relate to each other until it's time to write your thesis.
People who are afraid that simply pressing a key might break their computer.
Vending machine operators will never have a sense of irony or humor.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here, this is the War Room!
What soap is for the body, tears are for the soul.
MANY THANKS!! to all my friends whose contributions made this page possible!
Wxasperated, I went in the house to the bathroom, and asked her, what was that?
No credit or bad credit? No problem. No money? Problem.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
There are 26 vitamins in all, but some of the letters are yet to be discovered.
He's so bald that he took a shower and got brain-washed.
Someday we'll look back on all this and plow into a parked car.
Sent in by Jan Thomas... Well, I won't add anything that might get him into trouble.
For every simple solution there are a number of complex problems.
There is nothing so small that it cannot be blown out of proportion.
Alcoholic: Someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
Road conditions are always red when it's time to convoy home.
The seriousness of a wound (in a firefight) is inversely proportional to the distance to any form of cover.
If it's stuck, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If the shoe fits, beat someone senseless with it.
You might be a Desi if, you tried to talk in a phony accent with the freshmen in the school.
Curiosity never killed anything except maybe a few hours.
If you learn from your mistakes you'll learn a lot today.
Windows non e' un virus...i virus FANNO qualcosa !
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
The Universe is a figment of its own imagination.
We just celebrated Columbus day, which is the day that Columbus discovered Ohio.
I xeroxed a mirror. Now I have an extra xerox machine.
Reputation is made in a moment: character is built in a lifetime.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
PUDDLE: a small body of water that draws other small bodies wearing dry shoes.
One enemy soldier is never enough, but two is entirely too many.
Jack and Don were at a bar having a few drinks, and Jack was complaining about his live-in girlfriend.
The odds of a husband and wife agreeing on any antique purchase are practically zero.
Your dentist asks you to donate your your dentures to the museum ofdenistry.
This tagline is also available on casette and video.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
I am doing the 2 Sunday crossword puzzles in between posting.
Why is a man who invests all your money called a broker?
Even the greatest of whales is helpless in middle of desert.
Humor dedicated to the use and misuse of language.
Find the vacuum and start vacuuming around your desk.
Please excuse Burma, she has been sick and under the doctor.
Watch out for irregular verbs which have creeped into our language.
What is the difference between a English actuary and a Sicilian actuary?
I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal.
If you wanted to shingle the roof of your mouth, would you use the nails on your toes?
If vegetarians eat vegetables, what do humanitarians eat?
Why don't ceramic cats come complete with synthetic hairballs?
You've got the perfect weapon against muggers - yer face.
A true friend is one who thinks you're a good egg even though you're half-cracked.
No trees were killed in the sending of this message. However a large number of electrons were temporarily inconvenienced.
O = Orders - Know how to take them, know how to delegate them.
The meek shall inherit the earth, but only after we're done with it.
If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON, how does TEFLON stick to the pan?
You find yourself staring at your inbox waiting for new e-mail to arrive.
Mixing bowl set designed to please a cook with round bottom for efficient beating.
It was not revealed what grade the student received.
Passed on by Anna Flaherty who assembled this entire list at work.
For sale: Braille dictionary; like new; must see to appreciate.
Doctor to patient: I have good news and bad news-- the good news is that you are not a hypochondriac.
WELLHUNG: I found it. Turning off all the lights now.
Flight Risk: Used to describe employees who are suspected of planning to leave the company or department soon.
You don't give a rat's bottom if someone notices your new haircut.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what the hell was yesterday?
Marriage changes passion... suddenly you're in bed with a relative.
It's about time I cleared up this mystery. I shot the deputy, but I did not shoot the sheriff.
I wouldn't touch the metric system with a 3.048 meter pole!
A 'government subsidy' is getting just some of your own money back.
To make a small fortune on the stock market, start with a large fortune.
I have a handgun and it's licensed. Any more questions?
I think I'll promote you from Village to Town Idiot.
From a talk by R. James Woolsey, Director of Central Intelligence, given at a conference on global organized crime.
Whenever you cut your fingernails you will find a need for them an hour later.
When a woman makes a fool of a man, it's usually an improvement.
My new idea to make a million: A low cost imitation of Microsoft Works, called Nothing Works.
Make the most of yourself, because that's all the self you are going to get, mister.
Irregular verbs are on sale in the bargain basement.
There is a very fine line between "hobby" and "mental illness".
Fr die einen ist es ein Betriebssystem. Fr die anderen der lngste Virus der Welt.
When an actress saw her first strands of gray hair, she thought she'd dye.
The guy that has a bumper sticker that says If you can read this, You're too close always tailgates.
Too much of anything is bad? No, too much of a good whiskey is barely enough.
A hundred mistakes are an education if you learn something from each one.
Our friends won't think we're weird if we ask whether there's spinach in our teeth.
The components you have will expand to fill the available space.
Someone compliments you on your layered look --and you are wearing a bikini.
Yes... Threepio... I built him... when I was 7 years old...
What do you do if you find an epileptic having a fit in your bath?
I threw caution to the wind. The wind threw it back.
A Macintosh is an EtchaSketch you don't have to shake.
Usage: None known. Possibly good methane source. Good samples are able to produce large quantities on command.
I wrote a few children's books, but not on purpose.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
Just because you have one, doesn't mean you have to be one.
If you are running late for a flight, it will depart from the farthest gate within the terminal.
It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.
Le pipeline di un 486 velocizzano la CPU, raffreddandola.
If nothing sticks to Teflon, how do they get it to stick to the pan?
Why is it you must wait until night to call it a day?
Diplomacy is the ability to let someone else have your way.
I've always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
Back off or I'll flick a booger on your windshield.
Your child may be an honor student but you're still an idiot.
He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
You know, that woman speaks 18 languages, and she can't say "no" in any of them.
When you mention vegetables and you're not talking about a food group.
Used to sleep on top of TV, now monitors CNN 24 hours a day.
Press any key to continue, and any other key to format hard drive.
Cauterize......................Made eye contact with her.
Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell*BINGO*!
What would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way?
Az Arabe porsidan... Cheghat to zeshti... Goft.. Volek aksomeh nadidi.
Don't call the cops. We're not mental or anything.
There's nothing wrong in being dumb, only in staying that way.
Don't pretend you're an IRS agent and talk into your cell phone.
It is far easier to be wise for others than to be so for oneself.
Never ask for a pardon before you have been accused.
Dreams of war, dreams of liars, dreams of dragon's fire.
I don't do drugs anymore 'cause I find I get the same effect just by standing up really fast.
You'll find them in the field you entered in the crop competition.
Everything always works in your HQ, everything always fails in the Colonel's HQ.
Men know exactly how much gas is left in the tank and how far that gas will get them.
If Bill Gates had a dime for every time Windows crashed... Oh, Wait! He Does!
What is the difference between mechanical engineers and civil engineers?
Instructions: Read each question carefully. Answer all questions. The time limit is four (4) hours. Begin immediately.
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
Disaster will occur when visitors are in the room.
Any person waking from a nightmare will sit bolt upright and pant.
And remember.... After all is said and done, more is said than done.
You are not paranoid if they're really after you...
There are easier things in life than finding a good man. Nailing Jell-O to a tree, for instance.
Procrastination is the flaw most of us keep putting off curing.
Don't anthropomorphize computers. They don't like it.
Shanahan's Law: The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of people present.
My other car is Christine, and she's right behind you!
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
I thought about being born again, but my mother refused.
To all tourists: left lane fast, right lane slow!
AAAAAA - American Association Against Acronym Abuse Anonymous.
Man who is jacking into a peanut butter jar is fucking nuts.
I'd love to make up my mind, but I can't remember where I left it.
A cat, by any other name, is still a sneaky little furball that barfs on the furniture.
Simon says stand. Simon says sit. Format your HD! HA! Gotcha!
Skier; one who pays an arm and a leg for the opportunity to break them.
Save water - take a bath with your neighbor's daughter.
No offence intended to those that offence not intended to.
Microsoft is not the answer, it's the question and the answer is NO.
POLITICIANS don't hunt elephants, but they will share the elephants you catch with the people who voted for them.
Never argue with a fool. He may be doing the same thing.
Who got it, did get it; and who left it, did regret it.
If puns were outlawed, only outlaws would have puns.
We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees.
Why did Mr. Mrs. Howell pack so much clothing for a three hour tour?
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
The more complex the idea or technology, the more simple- minded the opposition.
Dedication is not what others expect of you; it is what you can give to others.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
Democracy: Four wolves and a lamb voting on lunch.
It IS as bad as you think and they ARE out to get you.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do they all drown?
If Walking Is So Good For You, Then Why Does My Mailman Look Like Jabba The Hut?
You get into your teens, now they can't hold you back.
Energize! said Kirk, and the pink bunny appeared.
If a bear farts in the woods, do the trees hear it?
Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke. Watson, you dickhead.
Jury: Twelve people who decide which client has the better attorney.
The difference between a hero and a coward is one step sideways.
Marriage. An expensive way of getting your laundry done for free.
I doesn't do ice skating. It makes my beer all foamy!
When things get really deep, don't sit there and complain--shovel.
A wife lasts as long as a marriage. An ex-wife lasts forever.
If we learn from losing, we become winners in the end.
To make a speech immortal you don't have to make it everlasting.
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some women out of a divorce.
Why doesn't Jesus eat M and M's? Cos they fall through his hands.
Man who fall in vat of molten optical glass makespectacle of self.
Is the glass half empty, half full, or twice as large as it needs to be?
Some days it's not worth chewing through the restraints.
One day I'm a windshield, the next day a bug thereon.
Male zebras have white stripes, but female zebras have black stripes.
A happily married man had only one complaint, his wife was always nursing sick birds.
Heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd.
Will you please send someone to mend our cracked sidewalk. Yesterday my wife tripped on it and is now pregnant.
The best inheritance parents can give their children is a few minutes of their time each day.
If I wanted your opinion, I'd take you off my Twit List.
If it walks out of your refrigerator, LET IT GO !!
If two rednecks get a divorce, does that mean their still cousins?
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Usage: None known. Possibly good methane source.
Lee - girl dressed up as a boy, total arse bandit.
All in favor of losing their rights, please do nothing.
Why is it good that drummers have a half-ounce more brains than horses?
Love is like a baseball game; four balls and you walk.
Male: What you slap when someone scores a touchdown, home run, or goal.
STRESS IS LIKE ICECREAM, YOU JUST HAVE TO LICK IT!
Is it okay to yell movie in a crowded firehouse?
I pledge allegiance to the earth, one planet, many gods, and to the universe in which she spins.
Holcross pullets. Starting to lay Betty Clayton, Granite 5-6204.
The whole world is going to hell, and I'm driving the bus.
I bought powdered water the other day. I don't know what to do with it.
Childbirth is no more a miracle then eating food and a turd coming out of your ass.
Want more of the same? Check out these categories!
THESE HAVE GOT TO BE THE FUNNIEST BUMPER STICKERS EVER MADE!
If your mind goes blank, remember to turn down the sound.
In a country of free speech, why are there phone bills?
System going down at 5 p.m. to install scheduler bug.
She'll be stronger than brandy, milder than milk.
CA bumper sticker: Cover me, I'm changing lanes.
I escaped from a political correction facility...
The most expensive component always breaks first.
I fight evil wherever it may be! Except in dark, scary places...
How much deeper would the oceans be if sponges didn't live there?
Lana - hated by her parents, accidental pregnancy.
Menu: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.
Hey Santa! How much for your list of naughty girls?
She innocently replies "I'm untying the knots so I'll get more rope".
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial charges and blamed it on the cost of living.
If you shouldn't drink and drive, why do bars have parking lots?
But maybe they'll change their tune after a little torture.
Refrain from lamenting over precipitately scattered lacteal fluid.
Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women?
A mistress lies between a mister and a mattress.
The same as a quickie, but a guy can do it alone.
Copyright1998-2004 Eforu.com All rights Reserved.
Before giving a blood transfusion, find out if the blood is affirmative or negative.
If a picture is worth a thousand words, what is a picture of a thousand words worth?
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
Each year, one person will be voted out of the building.
My cat is good for nothing, but he's very, very good!
Why does the beginning of your sentence end up in the middle of mine?
We are tied down to a language which makes up in obscurity what it lacks in style.
You will invent the better mousetrap right after all your customers buy cats.
Take 20 asprins and you'll feel better, if you wake up.
Cat, n. A soft, indestructible automaton provided by nature to be kicked when things go wrong in the domestic circle.
Things are more like they are today than they ever have been before.
The woman who stands behind her man cannot see where she is going.
A friend is a person with whom you dare to be yourself.
A little girl spoke up and wanted to ask the boy some questions. The teacher agreed.
You might be a Desi if, the smoke detector goes off whenever your are cooking dinner.
There are no substitutes for fresh air, sunshine and exercise.
There's nothing wrong with being mediocre as long as you're good at it.
Experience is directly proportional to the equipment ruined.
Caution! Driver just doesn't give a shit anymore!
Why is the space between a woman's breasts and her hips called a waist?
Even if you manage to convince me that I am gay, I am NOT going to sleep with you.
Don't call for a ball measurement after losing a roulette spin.
The bugs will go away when you turn off the computer!
I do not suffer from insanity!... I enjoy it thoroughly...
WinErr: 018 Unrecoverable error - System has been destroyed. Buy a new one.
Of two evils, I pick the one I haven't tried before.
There is no record of working well with colleagues.
To vacillate or not to vacillate - that is the question... or is it?
Hacker's bumpersticker: I'd rather be computing than commuting.
NO, this ISN'T burger king, and NO, you can't have it your way.
What happens when you yell "movie" in a crowded firehouse?
Any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from technology.
Where there's a will there are five hundred relatives.
If an experiment is a complete failure it can always be used as a bad example.
Angela - Vain, hairstyle more important than oxygen. Hangs around toilets.
Wife: I won the lottery! Five million dollars. Whoo-ee--start packing!
Hard to figure out and never have enough memory.
When did I realize I was God? Well I was praying, and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself.
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the Earth.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
You've been asked if you are a Hindi, or if you speak Hindu.
Say something cutting and back it up with really big people.
Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind.
The reason talk is cheap is that supply exceeds demand.
I like to play games with my pets. The other day I was playing badminton with my parakeet.
League of Pushy Women. Self-Appointed Chapter Head.
D.) Uncle Mill's entire collection of hand-painted tin toys, lead soldiers, and boxed trains.
Ever lob a live grenade into a basket of kittens?
There's more than one way for a nice girl to shut up a loud-mouth!
We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
Politicians and nappies have one thing in common.
Wherever you park your car in the summer, the sun is always shining on the driver's seat.
The page you're looking for might have been moved or deleted. Or, perhaps the Web address is misspelled?
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
Math and alcohol don't mix. Please don't drink and derive.
You think my driving is bad? You should see me putt.
My favourite scientific theory is that the rings of Saturn are made of lost airline luggage.
Thank you, Lord, for giving me this rewarding job with such charmin co-workers.
Getting married is very much like going to a restaurant with friends.
When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
Do *NOT* try to use a blow dryer. You might as well use a vacuum cleaner.
Never hit a man when he's down. He may get back up again.
The way to a man s heart is through his stomach and up!
When baking, follow directions. When cooking, go by your own taste.
That must be wonderful! I don't understand it at all.
You wake up in the bedroom, your underwear is in the bathroom, you fell asleep clothed. - hmm.
Again George W asked, a little louder this time, "Excuse me sir, aren't you Moses?
The more general the title of a course, the less you will learn from it.
This is a nightmare and I'm going to wake up, right?
The cold drink never arrived, but the next morning the tourist was woken up punctually at seven o'clock.
Man is the only animal that blushes...or needs to.
WinErr: 72a Crucial Halt - Hang on, WHAT was that?
The three Americans each buy tickets and watch as the three Canadians buy only a single ticket.
Whoever named it necking was a poor judge of anatomy!
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
So the guy picks up the midget and he gives the horse's eyes the once over.
Press CTRL-ALT-DEL to continue ...
Some goals are so worthy, it's glorious even to fail.
Element of vitality kids always have an oversupply of until asked to do something.
Lawyer: a cat who settles disputes between mice.
If you pull the wings off a fly, does it become a walk?
Never turn your back on an armed bad guy, even if he's down.
You are quite intelligent - for a gerbil with Downs Syndrome.
Romulan Ale: excellent drink and a great paint remover!
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else.
That night, the boy shows up at the girls parents house and meets his girlfriend at the door.
Basic Airline Flying -- Keep the pointy end forward..
Toys are made in heaven, batteries are made in hell.
QUASIMOTO - 4 wheeled hard-top moped made in France.
I hope you enjoy em as much as I do bringing them to you...
If your bumper sticker wasn't so damned small I wouldn't have to drive so close to read it!
Your body has the nicest arc length I've ever seen.
Copyright 2003 GlobalSpot.Com, All Rights Reserved.
Money can't buy love, but it sure gets you a great bargaining position.
If going to church makes you a Christian, does going to a garage make you a car?
If you want to make an enemy, do someone a favour.
Afternoon: that part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom.
Sign up for our email list and recieve jokes in your email!
You can't win. You can't break even. You can't even quit the game.
People who want by the yard, but try by the inch, should be kicked by the foot!
It's embarrassing if your wedding has less than 600 people.
Warning: Objects in mirror are dumber than they appear.
A pessimist is someone who looks at the land of milk and honey and sees only calories and cholesterol.
Manhole 1.1: turned 90 degrees! Manhole 1.2: Turned 180 degrees.
I seem to have lost my phone number, can I borrow yours?
My Aunt used this creme that promised to give her the skin of a teenager.
What do you get when you cross ROGAINE and VIAGRA?
Why does the sun lighten our hair but darken our skin?
FAMILY PLANNING: the art of spacing your children the proper distance apart to keep you from falling into financial disaster.
Flattery really works: As you snow, so shall you reap.
Sometimes I sit and think, sometimes I sit and stink.
Retrieve cat from top of lamp pill from under sofa.
My profession? Does the word "peon" mean anything to you?
How can you see the future if you can't see the present?
The moral: when you're full of bull, keep your mouth shut.
It's hard to think of you as the end result of millions of years of evolution.
The trouble with giving advice is that people want to repay you.
Bigamy: one wife too many. Monogamy: see Bigamy.
A washing machine doesn't follow you around for a week after you put your load in it.
I am Mr. T of Borg. I pity da fool that resists me.
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
My girlfriend always laughs during sex - no matter what she's reading.
Adam - cute, funny, chicks dig him, has the potential to be stalked.
H: bhatkuya, phiruya, gavuya, nachuya, aish karuya. aankhen kay?
Thesaurus: a dinosaur with an excellent vocabulary.
The same sun that melts the wax hardens the clay...
Four out of five doctors agree that one out of five is an idiot.
Engineers have different objectives when it comes to social interaction.
Avoid the 5 o'clock rush - always leave work at noon.
The cost of memory chips went up. I forget how much.
CAPITALISM: You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull.
The golden rule: He who has the gold makes the rules.
You have two cows. You go on strike because you want three cows.
Practice random acts of intelligence  senseless acts of self-control.
How many coming men has one known! Where on earth do they all go to?
How does Michael Jackson pick his nose? From a catalog!
It's easier to get older than it is to get wiser.
Then whipped out his pecker and pissed in the sink.
Everything is actually everything else, just recycled.
DEFINITION: Bit - The increment by which programmers slowly go mad.
REALITY BITES and I got the teeth marks to prove it!
Disk Crash: A typical computer response to any critical deadline.
Believe it or not, the following announcements actually appeared in various church bulletins.
The father thought, "I guess he knows what he's doing".
A couple of months in the lab can often save a couple of hours in the library.
Wife: Do you love me just because my father left me a fortune?
What's the definition of an Irishman? A simple machine for converting Guinness into urine.
DON'T BUILD MORE NUKES ... until we've used the ones we have.
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Those who admire the freedom of birds have never built a nest.
Mothers here feed their babies with little tiny spoons and forks. Do mothers in China use toothpicks?
If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty liter?
That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Barbara - shags like a rabbit, not fussy about appearance.
Speaking for myself, and I am unanimous in this...
Did I mention the kick in the groin you'll be receiving if you touch me?
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
Last Name: ......................................................
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
If you don't like my opinion of you - improve yourself!
If you can laugh when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
Therefore, if Santa did exist, he's dead now. Merry Christmas.
If you don't like the way I'm driving, YOU come get these handcuffs off!
Especially when I'm spanking, your big-round-fat ass.
Wisdom comes with age, but sometimes age comes alone.
A program is never finished until the programmer dies.
Yesterday I couldn't spell engineer. Now I are one.
Money lent to a friend must be recovered from an enemy.
Her secret was that she understood her sense of humor - what it was and what it was for.
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
If G. Gordon Liddy married BoutrosBoutros Ghali, then divorced him to marry Kenny G., hed be G. Ghali G.
Man who go to bed with itchy butt wake up with smelly finger.
TYPEWRITER, is the longest word that can be made using the letters only one row of the keyboard.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
If you decide to start dancing in the street, everyone you bump into will know all the steps.
Our sex was so good, even the neighbors had a cigarette.
If I was as ugly as you were, I wouldn't say Hi to folk, I'd say BOO!
Ultimate office automation: networked coffee machines.
The pot at the end of the rainbow is not Acapulco Gold.
Your so boring, if you threw a boomerang, it wouldn't come back to you!
Oxymoron: One who does not know how to use pimple medication.
They have both had lots of balls rubbed up and down their legs.
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
If the author is not listed, it's by the infamous Unknown Author...
Regression analysis = Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are getting worse.
As there's no dustbin outside, the dustman goes up and knocks on the front door.
Sperm Wail (or Spuphemism): A verbal outburst during the male orgasm.
Hanlon's razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Important letters that contain no errors will develop errors in the mail.
Choosing between buying flowers for your wife and upgrading your RAM is a problem.
Some days you're the dog. Other days you're the hydrant.
Q What's the definition of the World's Unluckiest Man?
E.) Your enormous comic book collection including the first issues of Superman, Batman, and Spiderman.
If you think no one cares, miss a couple of payments.
Lieutenant Brian Smith, Eugene Fire Department, Eugene, Oregon.
Weather forecast for tonight: It's going to be dark!
If you ever need a helping hand, there is one at the end of your arm.
Yeah I've been injured. I've got a big crack in my butt.
Error 13: Illegal brain function. Process terminated.
PRIDE IS WHAT WE HAVE. PITY IS WHAT OTHERS HAVE.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
Female......An embarrassing by-product of digestion.
The smell of a crowded elevator is quite different to a midget.
Strike -- An effort to increase egg production by strangling the chicken.
It's only a hobby... only a hobby... only a hobby...
Written in the dust on the back of a bus, Wickenburg, Arizona.
The longer the excuse, the less likely it's the truth.
A signature always reveals a man's character - and sometimes even his name.
If you don't have time to do it right, you must have time to do it over.
Ace, hand me some of that Nitro 9 you're not carrying.
On a cup of McDonald's coffee: Allow to cool before applying to groin area.
Jesus saves - Gretzky gets the rebound and scores!
When someone is having a bad day, be silent, sit close by and nuzzle him or her gently.
Ever wish you had a copy of tomorrow's newspaper?
Hors d'oeuvres: A ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
Sex is like air. It isn't important unless you're not getting any.
The number of horses you own increases according to the number of stalls in your barn.
Why did astronomers name a planet after Pluto, but not Mickey or Goofy?
Guaranteed to split your gut, or double your money back. Offer not void where not prohibited; figure that out.
Changing one thing for the better is worth more than proving a thousand things are wrong.
He wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit him on the head.
N, that's a wonderful idea about cooking and cleaning. Who do 'we' get to do the work?
If you never go off on a tangent, you are doomed to going in circles.
All women are overweight by definition; don't agree with them about it.
Have you seen those Vote for Perot bumper stickers attached with Velcro?
When putting cheese in a mousetrap, always leave room for the mouse.
If I had my life to live over again, I'd make the same mistakes sooner.
ACTION: Find out if you are being taken to another bar. If not, complain loudly that you are being kidnapped.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a skin doctor? - A pachydermatologist.
Education means developing the mind, not stuffing the memory.
An object of information most needed will be least available.
Yesterday I parked my car in a tow-away zone. When I came back the entire area was missing.
Really? That's wonderful. I am so happy for you. that sounds terrifiic.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
Tim clicked a couple buttons and solved the problem.
When anyone says 'theoretically', they really mean not really.
Crawl to the linen closet licking your wounds. Drag back a large beach towel. Spread the towel on the floor.
You only have a problem if you think it is a problem.
In a world without fences and borders, who needs windows and gates?
Be torke migan ba ajibjomleh besaz mige: man dolla shodam polam az jibam oftad.
If one synchronized swimmer drown, does the rest have to drown too?
A couple drove several miles down a country road, not saying a word.
The meek shall inherit the earth (mineral rights excluded).
If you saw anything with 'Made in Japan' on it, it was unpopular.
If you ain't making waves, you ain't kicking hard enough.
You're setting on a park bench and a Boy Scout comes up and helps you cross your legs.
We don't care. We don't have to. We're the Phone Company.
Stay tuned. I could say something brilliant at any moment.
The number of people staring at you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your actions.
Two little words ... child, birth!
It's people like you who make the Internet all but impossible to trust.
You think about how relaxing it would be if you were in jail.
Creativity is a function of alienation and irresponsibility.
Support bacteria -- it's the only culture some people have!
If a building is already built, why do they call it a building and not a built?
Due to budget cuts, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off.
I'm sorry, officer-I didn't know these freeways had no-smoking lanes.
If one synchronised swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
SWEETHEART: I`m on the bed waiting and longing for you.
Never pick up the phone on Saturday night. It's a call from a creep you told you were busy.
Don't sweat petty things. . . . or pet sweaty things.
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
If you think things are going well in a relationship, you have overlooked something.
What did the male bacteria say to the female bacteria?
Bugs will appear in one part of a working program when another 'unrelated' part is modified.
Exceptions prove the rule, and destroy the battle plan.
The buddy system is essential to your survival; it gives the enemy somebody else to shoot at.
Purring: An automatic safety valve for happiness overflow.
Humorists...Those who can talk sensibly about a controversy.
Collaboration: A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the other fellow can spell.
Click the mailbox to Email this joke to all your friends!
No one feels as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
Ask a daily wage labourer who has ten kids to feed.
Before they invented drawing boards, what did they go back to?
The only substitute for bad manners is fast reflexes.
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like?
Happiness is not a destination, but rather a trip.
I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me.
A U.S. Navy cruiser pulled into port in Mississippi for a week's liberty.
If vegetable oil is made of vegetables, what is baby oil made of?
If I want your opinion, I'll read your entrails.
If you receive two contradictory orders, obey them both.
There are 10 kinds of people who understand binary.......... and those that don't.
How terrible a movie is, is directly proportional to the number of helicopters in it.
Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.
I like the Stones. I can't beleive they're still doing it afer all the years...Fred  Barney.
What did the Zen Buddhist say to the hot dog vender?
Reality happens when you can't make it to the bathroom.
You think a woman who is out of your league bowls on a different night.
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
TIP: Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Cause the washer and dryer don't run on remote control!
Life isn't always fair, but it shouldn't cheat that much.
What's the difference between an intelligent man and a UFO?
The Weakest Link: Which Douglas lost both legs but still flew in the Battle of Britain ?
Copyright (c) 2000-2004 OP Design. All rights reserved.
Any closet is a walk-in closet if you try hard enough.
Always do right. This will gratify some and astonish the rest.
Drivers - don't pull off to avoid a child - you might fall of the bed.
POSITIVE THINKING: Self-improvement through self-deception.
The availability of a part is inversely proportional to the need for the part.
On an atheist's tombstone: Here lies an atheist; all dressed up and no place to go.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which a person can die.
Courage is like a kite; a contrary wind rises it higher.
You might be a Desi if, you try to ignore all other unknown Desi's around you.
Why do they call them "express lanes" when during rush hour everything is stopped?
The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in college was my blood alcohol level.
When they graduated, however, they each went their own separate way.
Say... They didn't mention THIS in the brochures!
I hit the CRTL key but I'm still not in control!
Drugs have helped teach an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
If guys had periods they'd brag about the size of their tampons.
You know I'm glad you're not schizophrenic. I couldn't handle this in stereo.
Don't be afraid of opposition; Remember a kite rises against, not with the wind.
Why is it that two wrongs don't make a right but three rights make a left?
Computer programmers never die... they just byte the dust.
Fargh beine Adame Turke va Pinokyo chie? Pinokyo Adam shod, Turka hanooz adam nashodand.
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.
Rich people save their money and spend what's left. Poor people spend their money and save what's left.
Two peanuts were walking down a spooky road at night... One was assaulted.
How come a man who has sex loses much more calories than a woman having sex?
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
Never search a dark warehouse with a cop whose nickname is "Boom-Boom".
So there are 6 potatoes standing on the street corner. How do you know which one is the prostitute?
Why don't women put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans?
This car is insured by the maffia you hit me they hit you.
If God intended us to drink beer, He would have given us stomachs.
The people hardest to convince that it's time for retirement are children at bedtime.
I don t know. I don t care. That s why they put me in charge.
If you explain so clearly that no one can possibly misunderstand, someone will.
Hocus Pocus' doesn't work anymore; I think they changed the password.
There ought to be several in here that will offend you, regardless of your personal views!
The difference between "pert' near" and "a right fur piece".
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus?
Silly things you can do to confuse people around you.
Spin: what say ye we pull yonder USB hard disk longside yonder NMSU puter and begin tha lutin and plunderin.
How much deeper would oceans be if sponges didn't live there?
WARNING: Alcohol consumption may actually CAUSE pregnancy.
Who's the Round Table's roundest knight? Sir Cumference.
The law of Probability Dispersal decrees that whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
A synonym is a word you use in place of one you can't spell.
The meek shall inherit the earth, if that's OK with you.
The inner voice warning you that somebody is looking.
Never make a decision you can get someone else to make.
A psychologist is selling a video that teaches you how to test your dog's IQ.
Old programmers never die. They just terminate and stay resident.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
Old plumbers never die, they just go down the drain.
Babyboomers,Over-The-HillHumor-4Pages!
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
How many divorced men does it take to replace a light bulb?
Life is like a fountain... I will tell you how when I figure it out.
A cat has to have a name, or else it wouldn't be a cat.
The only imperfect thing in nature is the human race.
Two men were at the Casino and were just leaving to go home at 3:00 a.m.
Good Girls Go To Heaven, Bad Girls Go Everywhere.
There are over 10,000 major university and corporate sites running exact duplicates of you in the present release version.
Rome wasn't built in a day, it just looks like that.
I wish I was as sure of anything as David is of everything.
Whoever said money can't buy happiness didn't know where to shop.
What the caterpillar calls the end, the butterfly calls the beginning.
If at first you don't succeed try try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
If you don't believe in oral sex, keep your mouth shut.
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
The higher the ape climbs the more he shows his bald haunches.
Statistics can be used to prove anything - 70% of all people know that!
The tongue depressors taste faintly of Fudgesicles.
The gubernatorial race was interesting. I couldn't wait to see who would become head guber.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself Americanized.
If everything seems to be going well, you obviously do not know what is going on.
How come when I call Information they can't tell me where my keys are?
I don't live in a fantasy world; I only work there.
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
How do you know when a trombone player is at your door?
When you open a new bag of cotton balls should you throw the top one away?
What's the good of being grown up if you can't be childish?
Is boneless chicken considered to be an invertebrate?
The Electric Chair Choice: Regular or Extra Crispy.
Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!
A clear conscience is one of the best friends you will ever have.
War doesn't determine who's right, determines who's left.
Law of Revelation: The hidden flaw never remains hidden.
I respect your opinion. Just don't want to hear it!
Death before dishonor, but neither before breakfast.
Every time she got into it, she came out black and blue.
Excuse me, which is the non-smoking lifeboat, please?
There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
You can't ration common sense, liberals need more of it than anybody!
The problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk, they're sober.
Office: A place where you can relax after your strenuous homelife.
Don't take life too seriously -- you'll never get out if it alive.
If voting could change things, it would be illegal.
Mopeds are like fat women. Fun to ride but you don't want to be seen with em!
A couple was invited to a swanky masked Halloween Party.
I had a life once... now I have a computer and a modem.
Join thousands of people who get the daily jokes in their email every day!
The bird singing outside your window is a vulture.
Apparently there's some evidence that William Tell and his family enjoyed bowling.
Show me a piano falling down a mine shaft, and I'll show you A flat minor.
It's a built in mechanism and only gay people have it.
Man Vs. Beer: A beer doesn't mind having pantyhose dry in the bathroom.
You might be a Desi if, office supplies mysteriously find their way in your house.
If you still have the courage after loosing all , you can be rest assured that you have not lost everything.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines!
People who hate Christmas suffer from Claustrophobia.
What do you think of Western Civilization? I think that would be a good idea.
Whatcha git from tryin to carry too much farwood.
WELLHUNG: I`m gulping, I`m beginning to sweat again.
Cynic: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
The more you need the nut, the deeper and narrower the crack will be.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realise you haven't fallen asleep yet .
WinErr: 01C Uncertainty error - Uncertainty may be inadequate.
Vacuum cleaners have to be plugged into the wall.
I don't like money, actually, but it quiets my nerves.
If you cannot change your mind, are you sure you have one?
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
Tell your wife that she looks pretty even if she looks like a truck.
They found his head and shoulders in the dashboard.
If Texas is so great, what are you doing in New Mexico?
You may pretend to dislike me, but deep down, you know you hate me.
Are these people just stupid, or are they intentional in spreading their nonsense?
Tries to tell you where to go, but you can never understand him.
Success comes in a can. Failure comes in a can not.
The trouble with Sunday drivers is, they don't drive any better during the week.
It's not how you die that matters. It's who you take with you.
A smart man covers his ass, a wise man leaves his pants on.
Good: You get tickets to the theatre. Bad: It's performance art.
I don't have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
Boldly going forward because we cannot find reverse.
John Wilkes Booth's brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln's son.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
Amanda - IQ tends to be smaller than bra size. Probably a good shag though.
Understanding is the key. Maybe it's under the mat.
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
I met some crazy people. They made me their leader...
If at first you don't succeed, they will do it for you.
I fell in love at first sight. I should have looked twice.
He doesn't know how to use the slide, and he can't swing.
I'll tell you what's the matter! This parrot is dead!
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between you and me?
Antonym, n: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
Scientists say one out of even four people is crazy. Check three friends - if they are OK, you're it.
My kid is the one who beats up your honor student.
Ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Shell to DOS...come in, DOS...do you read...over?
The world is my oyster. Now I just have to figure out how to get the damn thing open.
If you're feeling good, don't worry, you'll get over it.
A dream is just a dream. A goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline.
Two young engineers applied for a single position at a computer company.
Life is like a box of chocolates; too big a box with too few chocolates.
JUMP! -- One hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong.
Everyone loves a moose. Some just don't know it.
To steal ideas from 1 person is plagarism, to steal ideas from many is research.
New from McAfee: WinScan - Removes all Windows programs.
Body count math - 3 guerrillas plus 1 probable plus 2 pigs equals 37 enemies killed in action.
Light at the end of the tunnel? Look out for that train.
Why do good looking blondes dye their roots black?
Antidisestablishmentarianism is easier done than said.
The meek shall inherit the Earth after we're done with it.
She returned my letters marked Fourth Class Male.
When people get older and read the Bible a whole lot more, are they cramming for their finals?
Your Approach: Avoid her, unless you want to be her cabin boy.
Procrastinating is like masturbating: You're only fucking yourself.
Smith and Wesson: the original point and click interface.
Error: keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail friends.
Anything you say will be misquoted and used against you.
Hear about the Jewish detective?.........He had a tip off.
Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass.
Murphy's Law: If it's good, they will stop making it.
I've been on a diet for two weeks, and all I've lost is two weeks.
Don't recognize wife unless seen through bottom of glass.
I've Got Tears In My Ears From Lyin' On My Back and Cryin' Over You.
Phobophobophobia: The fear that we have nothing to fear but fear itself.
Remember. Every time you masturbate God kills a kitten.
Could you repeat the part right after Listen very carefully?
Adolescence: the stage between puberty and adultery.
The small are tortured by the large and the large destroyed by their own momentum.
Loafer - someone trying to make two weekends meet.
There are three kinds of people in the world; those who can count and those that can't.
If work is so terrific, how come they have to pay you to do it?
Have you seen my mind? It's been wandering again.
How many Druids does it take to change a lightbulb?
We can scare male bosses with mysterious gynecological disorder excuses.
Never anger a dragon for you are crunchy and go well with Brie.
Difference between genius and stupidity: Stupidity has no limits.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
The paperless office will become a reality about the same time as the paperless toilet.
The worst thing you could catch from the opposite sex was cooties?
When everything is coming your way, you are in the wrong lane.
No spark, no fire, me confused. Fire work yesterday.
If you are a home-owner, architect, engineer or building contractor, Thermilate can help you save money - and save energy.
Got any ideas about cool stuff to add to this page?
Beware bin Laden! Real women don't have hot flashes, they have power surges.
There are no new sins, the old ones just get more publicity.
The Romans didn't find algebra very challenging, because X was always 10.
ACTION: Check your watch to see if bars are open yet. If not, treat yourself to a lie-in.
Put all your eggs in one basket, and WATCH THAT BASKET!
A boat is just a hole in the water where you throw money.
Sure, a woman can fake an orgasm, but it takes a man to fake a whole relationship.
Hear and you forget; see and you remember; do and you understand.
Malcolm - tall man who tends to lose his trousers.
Now he has her bra off, they're both very sweaty and she even has his pants unzipped.
Gross ignorance: 144 times worse than normal ignorance.
Would you like to support this ministry or one of our partner ministries?
You can't be too careful in the choice of your enemies.
Having someplace to go to is home. Having someone to love is family. Having both is a blessing.
What's green and only comes out in the summer? Paddy O'Furniture.
The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to ... to ...
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euelle Gibbons really was a nut?
Gates are down, the lights are flashing, but the train isn't coming.
Bull behind a tapestry: You can't see the taurus for the frieze.
None, the light from the burning monestaries is quite enough.
Cthulu for President - if you're tired of choosing the lesser of two evils.
Will the information highway have any rest stops?
Shortly after the train has departed, the conductor comes around collecting tickets.
Dear Aunty, hate you, hate kansas, took the dog, dorothy.
Plagiarism is copying from one source; research is copying from two or more.
Authorities intend to track down the hackers responsible for the virus just as soon as somebody complains.
There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.
Why, when I wind up my watch, I start it, but when I wind up this list, I end it?
Live: Know the past; help the present; touch the future.
Anything is easier to take apart than to put together.
THE OBLIGATORY EMAIL JOKE, as seen in the About Humor newsletter.
This accounts for the two fractured ankles, broken tooth and severe lacerations of my legs and lower body.
If you can't change your mind, are you sure you still have one?
Plus other cool prizes! Get tickets online now and see if you are lucky!
There was a power outage at a department store yesterday. Twenty people were trapped on the escalators.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
Past experience is always correct, and should never be misled by present facts.
Why is it that doctors call what they do "practice"?
It takes years to build up trust, and only seconds to destroy it.
I made so much money betting on Democrats that I became a Republican.
This would be really funny if it wasn't happening to me.
This little piggy went to market. He's a shopaholic.
I bought a million lottery tickets. I won a dollar.
Instruction ends in the classroom, but education ends only with life.
Anything dropped in the bathroom falls in the toilet.
There must be more to life than sitting wondering if there is more to life.
Ovens either overcook or undercook. They never get it just right.
Don't ask the BJ dealer if he knows any good card tricks.
I am not conceited ... I just can't stand mortals.
What time is it when you see a Geo following a Geo? Tin after tin.
Not many people realize just how well known I am.
Its always darkest before dawn. So if youre going to steal the neighbors newspaper, thats the time to do it.
The other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services.
When I walked to the store (less a walk than a lumber).
Ivor - militant psychopath with homosexual tendencies.
Censorship? We don't have any censorship. If we did, I couldn't say XXXX or XXXX.
Graduate quickly, millions on welfare depend on you.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you ever tried.
April Fools Day - This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other 364.
Doctor, are you sure this thing is working properly?
The new product would be named, predictably enough, Microsoft God, and would be available to consumers sometime in late 1998.
Baseball very funny game--man with 4 balls no can walk!!
Wanted: 50 girls for stripping machine operators in factory.
If you can read this, then I must be faster than you.
Mouse: An advanced input device to make computer errors easier to generate.
Eschew deities whose followers are all young; such groups usually employ an unpleasant retirement procedure.
Why are hotdog buns sold in packs of 8 when hotdogs are sold in 10 or 12 packs?
God loves us the way we are, but too much to leave us that way.
Smoking is one of the leading causes ofl statistics.
It's not the size of the boat that matters, it's the motion in the ocean.
Behind every great man is a great woman, and behind every great woman is some guy staring at her ass!
There are two kinds of secrets : one is not worth keeping and the other is too good to keep.
If you're hung like a horse, you don't need a BMW to pick up chicks.
They are the ones who get to choose your nursing home.
Person in flat above: I think it is too late, I stopped an hour ago!
In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
Xerox Subsidy - Euphemism for swiping free photocopies from one's workplace.
You discovered that rock 'n roll could be belt-fed.
Computers are the most fun you can have with anything that isn't breathing.
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
The overwhelming majority of people have more than the average (mean) number of legs.
There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
Screw up your life, you've screwed everything else up.
LIONS 7, CHRISTIANS 0 - Christians in heaven, lions ill.
Forget the denominational minimum salary, let's pay our pastor so he can live like we do.
Until people grow up, they have no idea what's cool.
I will not chew crayons or pens, especially not the red ones, or my people will think I am hemorrhaging.
Why do we have a birthday every year when we are only born once?
If the facts do not confirm the theory, they must be disposed of.
Here's another contribution from Mr Harding, Esq: Ah, these BMs ...
Who puts the thin ice sign in the middle of the thin ice?
To sink an Irish submarine, just knock on the hatch.
Why does Heidi Fleiss have you 9 times in her book?
If God hadn't wanted me to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given me such a vivid imagination.
The passenger apologized and said he didn't realize that a little tap could scare him so much.
She's a photographic sort of girl: under-developed, over-exposed and at her best in a dark room.
Sadie - stand up if you're slim, please stand up.
You discover the aesthetic beauty of office supplies.
Man who put head on railroad track get splitting headache.
This may not be the MAYFLOWER...BUT your DAUGHTER came across in it!!
Time is like money: you can either spend, waste, or invest!
If you depend on others to make you happy, you will be endlessly disappointed.
An expert is someone who takes a subject you understand and makes it sound confusing.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the most interesting one.
I believe five out of four people have trouble with fractions.
You Done Tore Out My Heart And Stomped That Sucker Flat.
Isn't Disneyland a people trap operated by a mouse?
StickerGiant, The Largest Sticker Store in the Universe !
Every once in a while I like to stick my head out the window and smile for a satellite picture.
The telephone will ring when you are outside the door, fumbling for your keys.
Flash condoms - Just sit back, relax and let flash do all the hard work.
Never attribute to evil that which can be explained by stupidity.
Bad weather reports are more often right than good ones.
If you do not care where you are, then you aren't lost.
Buttheads do have a redeemable feature: Mortality.
You have no doubt heard all the Southern Redneck jokes.
Every mighty oak tree was once a nut who stood its ground.
Today, stretch-fabric bathing suits are designed for the prepubescent girl with a figure chipped out of marble.
Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to tremendous difficulties.
Lord, if you won't make me skinny, please make all my friends fat!
I refuse a battle of wits with an unarmed person!
If hard work were really a virtue, then mules would be saints.
The streets are safe in Philadelphia. It's only the people who make them unsafe.
Gimme a beer! I'm as dry as a dead dingo's donger...
If Jesus was Jewish, why does he have a Mexican name?
Puritanism - The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
When he gets older, I'd tell him he used to have a brother, but he didn't obey.
Windows NT: Insert wallet into Drive A and press any key to empty...
Good times end too quickly. Bad times go on forever.
The funeral was held at 3:50 for about twenty minutes.
Swallowing angry words is much easier than having to eat them.
I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on now.
Don't interfere with something that ain't botherin' you none.
She's tired of me swinging her around by the ears!
With two ways to spell a word, the wrong one will always be used.
The Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost are not referred to as Daddy, Junior, and Spook.
Objects are just data structures with an attitude.
When they finish making styro-foam what do they package it in?
There are three signs of old age. The first is your loss of memory, the other two I forget.
A rule to live by: I won't use anything I can't explain in five minutes.
Everyone has a photografic memory. Some just don't have film.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about 10.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
Optimist: Commodore computer salesman with a beeper.
A couple of calves, a few hairs, a beaver, and fish you can't find.
She was only the bartender's daughter, but she knew how to hold her licker.
I'm so ugly...I worked in a pet shop and people kept asking how big I'd get.
Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but at least it's free.
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut or a salesman if his is a good price.
A ten-gallon hat really holds only three-fourths of a gallon.
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
If you like Hanson, honk 3 times and run into a tree.
Since she can't get pregnant with her husband, I thought you might like to work her up.
If you are given a take home exam, you will forget where you live.
If you are a manic-depressive, it doesn't matter which number you press, no one will answer.
She tells enough white lies to ice a wedding cake.
It's hard to believe he beat out 1,000,000 other sperm.
In golf, I got more distance throwing my driver than I did by hitting a ball with it.
Exageration is a billion times worse than understatement.
Orben's Packaging Discovery: For the first time in history, one bag of groceries produces two bags of trash.
You just hang something in your closet for awhile, and it shrinks two sizes.
Do you have trouble making up your mind? Well, yes or no?
Ifyoucanreadthisyouarespendingtoomuchtimefiguringoutmyoneliners.
Don't tell anyone I said but we're live on national TV.
We are born naked, wet and hungry, then things get WORSE.
I was going to procrastinate, but I put it off....
I regularly scour the 'net for jokes to put in my AIM profile. Here's some of my favorites.
What I ought to do, I can; if I can, why don't I?
I have an answering machine in my car. It says: I'm home now.
It isn't a dance, it's a fertility rite with lyrics.
A day without fusion and radiation is like a day without sunshine.
Links to other websites important to our industry.
Luke looks down the shaft. Takes a step towards it.
Careful application of terror is also a form of communication.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'll be glad to do so for you.
If stupidity had survival value he would live forever.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less.
If athletes get athlete's foot, do astronauts get mistletoe?
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
When sign makers go on strike, what do they picket with?
While he is not dumber than an ox, he's not appreciably smarter either.
Sometimes I dream about being caried off by a big giant squirrel.
My daughter is student of the month at State Prison Fire Fighters School.
Man who walk thru airport turnstile sideways, going to Bangkok.
Mosquito: Designed by God to make flies seem better.
Ducharme's Precept: Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
My cat is not a chatterbox, she is advising me on what to do next.
Middle age is having a choice of two temptations and choosing the one that will get you home earlier.
I became a professional fisherman, but discovered that I couldn't live on my net income.
It used to be wine, women and song - now it's beer, the old lady and TV.
Dyslexic Agnostic Insomniacs lie awake at night wondering if there is a dog.
Marketing is simply sales with a college education.
You feel like you've gotten a good deal if you didn't pay tax.
The only thing shorter than a weekend is a vacation.
The traditional method of finding a lost tack is to take your shoes off.
Facings tend to be sewn to the wrong side. (Opposite sides attract).
In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of his incompetence.
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
It's always easy to see both sides of an issue we are not particularly concerned about.
If coconut oil comes from coconuts, and corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
He didn't die so I picked up the refrig. and threw it out the window on top of him.
Only a ballplayer's errors are published every day.
We need to make the time to really listen to our kids.
What's the difference between an Italian grandmother and an elephant?
Why do we read left to right yet turn pages right to left?
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
A fool and his money are my two favorite people.
Be very, very afraid.  Because e-mail can be altered electronically, the integrity of this communication cannot be guaranteed.
WELLHUNG: I`m limp. No erection at all. It's gone. Too many beers.
My wife says I never listen to her....or something like that.
Use the force, Luke! Don't give in to the DOS side !
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined.
Some people are like blisters. They don't show up until the work is done.
A Smirk Of Wisdom - Best Humor from the Net from Humorama!
Blessed are those who expect nothing, for they shall not be disappointed.
You might be a Desi if, you have cooking schedule in your kitchen cabinet.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
Joe - built like a bear, sexy but tends to lose his head.
What happens to sour cream when it passes the expiration date?
Government bonds eventually mature and earn money.
Give me a dozen heartbreaks...if you think it would help me lose one pound.
One day the youngest  prettiest wife of the tribe's chief gives birth to a white child.
In any given price estimate, final cost will exceed estimates by a factor of 2.
All that high technology, and they never managed to invent the air bag.
DEFINITION: Algol - The husband of Polygol, their missing daughter is Polygon.
The State where highway eventually narrows to a single lane or ends....
I live in my own little world, but it's ok, they know me here.
Education is going to college to learn to express your ignorance in scientific terms.
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin.
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
Laddie, do ya think might like ta...rephrase that?
You pronounce wary and very the same way.
I started out with nothing and I still have most of it.
You're in middle age when you realize you have more on your mind and less on your head.
If only women came with pull-down menus and on-line help.
Forget about world peace...Visualize using your own turn signals!!
I am desperately trying to figure out why Kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Agent: That's right. How soon can you have them here?
Why do scientists call it research when looking for something new?
Having a meaningful relationship meant getting along with your cousins.
Life is a meaningless comma in the sentence of time.
Ethical dilemma: Drowning lawyer - just drive on by or stop to watch?
I'll never be satisfied until I'm too smart for my own good.
Very grudgingly he agreed. He took the bucket, walked out the door, down the steps, and out to the beach.
How many Boulderites (as in Boulder, CO, mecca of new agers) does it take to change a lightbulb?
What this country needs is more unemployed politicians.
A beer is always wet. A pussy needs encouragement.
If at first you don't succeed, ignore the docs...
Brain damage is what we were after-- chromosome damage was just gravy.
I don't care WHO you are, you're not walking on the water while I'm fishing.
West Virginia: One million people, and 15 last names.
The Weakest Link: Which famous artist painted the Mona Lisa ?
If God had intended Man to program, we would be born with serial I/O ports.
Monkey Bath: A bath so hot, that when lowering yourself in, you go: "Oo! Oo! Oo! Aa! Aa! Aa!".
Literature is the art of writing something that will be read twice; journalism what will be grasped at once.
If time heals all wounds, how come bellybuttons don't fill in?
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
You will never be promoted until you become over-qualified for your present position.
Find real estate agent and communicate with instant message.
I have a problem, Doctor. --So, get another doctor.
Sure, but how would OJ do against Lorena Bobbitt?
A cat will accelerate at a constant rate, until he gets good and ready to stop.
A picture is worth a thousand words; a slide show is both.
In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty.
Those who do not plan for the future have to live through it anyway.
We don't stumble over mountains; we stumble over small things mostly.
Irony: Giving your father a billfold for Christmas.
A good aim is no good if you don't pull the trigger.
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow money to do so.
If anyone has an idea why I do this, keep it to yourself.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
I'm so tired...I was up all night trying to round off infinity.
What is it when a woman talks nasty to a man? $3.99 a minute.
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
My friend has kleptomania, but when it gets bad, he takes something for it.
If only one solution can be found for a field problem, then it is usually a stupid solution.
When opossums are playing possum, they are not playing. They actually pass out from sheer terror.
On the cellphone pad of life, always keep one finger on the disconnect key.
AND THE #1 BUMPER STICKER OF THE WEEK..............
Thought about becoming a witch, so I tried that for a spell.
If you are looking for some specific, use this search engine.
Never forget that your weapon was made by the lowest bidder.
This perfect canine specimen finishes the course in record time.
H: ghumandasi, phirandasi, gayendasi, aaish kandasi, byo cha?
It could get kind of long, so give it a moment to load.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
If you continually give you will continually have.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only heavier.
Why is it that the time of day with the slowest traffic is called rush hour?
How do you make a dog go 'meeoww!' Freeze it and run it through a band saw.
Therapy helps, but screaming obscenities is cheaper.
Up the proverbial creek without a means of locomotion.
Make someone happy tomorrow; mind your own business today.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met.
Certainly, as long as they don't require any treatment.
Natalie - eats with her mouth open, farts the Nokia phone tune.
Availability is a function of time. The minute you get interested is the minute they find someone else.
You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.
Power does not corrupt fools, but fools corrupt power.
Boy did some of these apply to me 21+ years ago !!!
You've reached middle age when all you exercise is caution.
I'd buy you a drink, but i'd be jealous of the straw.
It's hard to be nostalgic when you can't remember anything.
The most important questions you will ever answer are those that your children ask you.
Can God create a rock so big that He can't pick it up?
The glass in windows (even double pane) doesn't stop a baseball hit by a ceiling fan.
If you shoot a mime, make sure you use a silencer.
Pizza Man: How are you going to pay for all of this?
Your first portable boom-box radio was the AN/PRC-10.
When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.
A Wall Street Journal article reported the discovery of a 1000 year old Viking feces.
May a thousand angry hornets take refuge in your briefs.
The bad thing about kittens is that they become cats.
Psychiatrists say that 1 of 4 people are mentally ill. Check 3 friends. If they are okay, you're it.
A cheesburger walks into a bar, pulls up a stool, and orders a beer.
Ajit: Silly boy, iss duniya mein paida hone waalaa har teesra bachcha Chinese hota hai!
Earth is interesting, and worth the money I paid for it.
When a woman steals your husband, there is no better revenge than to let her keep him.
Support your local police force; your life may one day depend on it.
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're yrors.
I am the mother of all things, and all things must wear a sweater.
Anyone can remember names. Few of us have the courage to call them.
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Weed escapes increase exponentially once the corn is too big to cultivate.
Just remember.. if the world didn't suck, we'd fall off.
The other day, I was walking my dog around my building--on the ledge.
I had a dream that I loved you... I think I woke up screaming.
There is no such thing as rape; Woman run faster with skirt up, than Man with pants down.
Atari predates them, as do vinyl albums; the expression you sound like a broken record means nothing to them.
There is only one thing that money cannot buy - Poverty!
What's the difference between a middle-aged single man and a middle aged single woman?
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
Michael Jackson vs. Senator Packwood in a grab-off.
Just what part of "NO" didn't you understand...?
You have two cows. The government seizes both and provides you with milk.
Maine is the only state in the USA whose name is just one syllable.
Engineers do it precisely. Technicians do it a lot.
Three weeks ago, she learned how to drive. Last week she learned how to aim it.
Priorities are made by Crew Leaders, not GOD. Theres a difference.
Vacation time is something you roll over to next year.
Black holes were created when God divided by zero!
A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.
Middle age starts when you have been warned to slow down, not by a motorcycle cop, but by your doctor.
I disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to tell such LIES!
Dirty Jokes Inc. reserves the right to edit or remove your comments.
Einstein has "I before E" wrong in his own name, twice!
It is hard to face the problem, when the problem is your face.
Hey, Ain't that your dog attackin' the president?
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
If you make a decision without consulting her, you're a chauvinist.
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
How do most men define marriage? An expensive way to get laundry done for free.
Ability is like a check, it has no value unless it is cashed.
A fool says in his heart: 'There is no God.' A wise man says it to everyone.
Unfortunately it's only available on Paper View......
Hearts will never be truly practical until they're unbreakable.
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes...
Smile and everyone wonders what you've been up to.
Some days I feel like starting slow and tapering off.
My family puts the fun back in dysFUNctional.
Men are less sentimental than women. No man has ever seen the movie THE WAY WE WERE twice, voluntarily.
LOOK OUT!: what it's too late for your child to do by the time you scream it.
He's the worst dressed sentient being in the known universe.
You know, and elephant is simply a mouse built to council specifications...
Perkins Library, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina.
Love is the unity of two hearts beating together as one.
My son is an honor student at the state correctional facility.
Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country.
I demand a salary commiserate with my extensive experience.
I don't mind arguing with myself its when I lose that troubles me.
What is the difference between a woman and a magnet?
A man without a woman is like a fish without a bicycle.
If nothing ever sticks to Teflon, how do they make it stick to the frypan?
Those who like sausage or political policy should not watch it being made.
WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN YOU CROSS A SNOWMAN WITH A VAMPIRE ?
Linux is like a wigwam. No windows, no gates, and Apache inside.
I've learned that you cannot make someone love you.
Does God control everything that happens in my life?
Delayed Payment -- A tourniquet that is applied at the pockets.
You never find a lost article until you replace it.
A blonde goes into work one morning crying her eyes out.
You're parked OK, but your bumpersticker is blocking traffic.
We can admire what we see, but we can only love what we truly know.
How can you be ALONE with somebody? Think about it...
Hope you were able to share a chuckle; after all, laughter is the best medicine!
I used to be clueless about math, but I turned that around 360 degrees.
A careful driver is one who honks his horn when he goes through a red light.
DUMB WAITER: one who asks if the kids would care to order dessert.
We hired you to babysit. You cooked and ate them BOTH?
Women love cats. Men say they love cats, but when women aren't looking, men kick cats.
He said "You remind me of a pepper-pot", I said "I'll take that as a condiment".
Why was the Tomato blushing? Because he saw the salad dressing.
History repeats itself, but each time the price goes up.
Theists think all gods but theirs are false. Atheists simply don't make an exception for the last one.
Life's a bitch, but some of the puppies are cute.
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.
Tis better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
If she makes a decision without consulting you, she's a liberated woman.
The woman gave the boy his five dollars and asked the little boy how he got the dogs apart.
I will always cherish the initial misconceptions I had about you.
What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of a plane?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
If ignorance is a bliss, why aren't more people happy?
Inflation is a result of legalized counterfeiting.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
Half of the people in the world are below average.
If you cannot measure output, then you measure input.
Bacteria.......................Back door to cafeteria.
A man doesn't automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau, who do you complain to?
Caution: vehicle makes sudden stops. Stop riding my ass!
You might be a Desi if, you have taken pictures of your car and mailed to your folks back home.
We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
DEFINITION: COBOL- Confused Oriental Bean-cOunting Language.
The woman explained that before the war she and her husband were well-to-do people in Austria.
I may be going to Hell, but I'm going to push every button on the elevator ride down.
Too many speakers try to IMPRESS rather than EXPRESS.
Only by the negation does one arrive at the affirmation.
Those shoes look like Frankenstein's hand-me-downs.
If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95.
Big pond, small fish. Sometimes in college annonymity is a good survival skill.
On a package of Fisherman's Friend throat lozenges: Not meant as substitute for human companionship.
Probably the funniest and most comprehensive of all of these, it has many interesting jokes on it. A must read.
This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me.
Shouldn't you have a license for being that ugly?
If a man is talking in the woods and no woman hears him... is he still wrong?
How many men does it take to dirty up 12 pots while cooking a meal?
Why does X stand for a kiss and O stand for a hug?
DEBUG - Takes bugs off the windshield with minimum fuss.
Blessed are those who go around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels.
Dark matter is what scientists made up when their math didn't add up.
What do you a man rolling around in a pile of leaves?
The school board will make a better pay offer before the teacher's union negotiates.
Rome wasn't built in a day. That's because it was a government job.
Is this new world order thing alphabetical or chronological.
Eagles may soar but weasels aren't sucked into jet engines!
Can it be a mistake that "desserts" gives "stressed" spelled backwards?
People who talk about their inferiors don't have any.
What would happen if there were no hypothetical questions?
If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.
My message above. Your response here ____________.
My car was legally parked as it backed into another vehicle.
As her head is battered against the ground, she is mere moments away from unconsciousness when to her great fortune...
Why don't satanic warlocks ever appear on televison to exhort unbelievers to donate money to fight God?
A knight and his men returned to their castle after a hard day of fighting.
Necrophilia: That uncontrollable urge to crack open a cold one.
The mind is like a parachute, it's no good unless it's open!
You should not throw baseballs up when the ceiling fan is on.
Racial prejudice is a pigment of the imagination.
Marriages are made in heaven. But so again, are thunder and lightning.
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles.
It is difficult to trust anyone whose instrument changes shape as he plays it!
If you expected it to be easy, you should have become a politician.
For Sale - Wedding dress, size 12. - Worn once by mistake.
I met this gal in a bar, and one thing lead to another...
Men are like a fine wine. They start out as grapes.
Grace is the divine ability to cope with every circumstance.
You aren't here forever, enjoy each day as a miracle.
The trouble with liberal politicians is that they get elected.
My uncle reads the obituaries every day and is continually amazed how people always die in alphabetical order.
His wife was a brunette. He had married a blonde, but then she dyed.
My wife and I married for better or worse. She couldn't do better. I couldn't do worse.
Those who argue that black is white may be colour blind.
Nobody believes the official spokesman... but everybody trusts an unidentified source.
Pain and suffering are inevitable but misery is optional.
Today's beautiful moments are tomorrow's beautiful memories.
Did you know that five out of three people have trouble with fractions?
Good statistics might not be your friend, but you should at least have a passing acquaintance.
A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were standing in the entrance discussing their recent tournament victories.
And time-sharing meant time the family spent together in the evenings and weekends-not condominiums.
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
Copyright  1992-2004 Dave Bealer, All Rights Reserved.
Theory is like mist on glasses - it obscures facts.
SODOM IS A SUMMER FESTIVAL - Gomorrah the merrier.
Why do "slow down" and "slow up" mean the same thing?
I'm the man of this house and I have my wife's permission to say so.
Two guys walk into a bar. Why didn't the second one duck?
A 'wish' changes nothing. A 'decision' changes everything!
Confucius say...Better to be pissed off than pissed on.
Infertility is unlikely to be passed on to future generations.
The shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
Only a pessimist complains about the noise when opportunity knocks.
Try to please all the people all the time, and somebody's not going to like it.
Men know that men are from here, and women are from way the hell over there.
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights.
Men are like small children. You bring a new one home and the ones already there resent it.
If at first you don't succeed, give up skydiving.
A fool and his money rarely get together to start with.
I wanted to be a musician but I wasn't noteworthy.
You're a loser when your dog gets a new best friend.
Why is there only one monopolies and mergers commission?
One day Bill Clinton was out jogging -- and accidentally fell from a bridge into a very cold river.
Grass growing from sidewalk cracks never turns brown.
Most people don't care what happens so long as it doesn't happen to them.
He's studying to be a child molester at the Seminary.
Remember, there are no false alarms; they all go off for a reason  whether it be real or not.
What's the difference between 'fat chance' and 'slim chance'?
You are the Starship Enterprise of stupidity - going where no idiot has ever gone before.
Solitude is impractical and yet society is fatal.
They're too busy looking for the centerfold on the other side of the monitor.
Reading with your eyes closed may help you understand.
What's the difference between the Iraqi Army and Ted Kennedy?
The people who are starting college this fall across the nation were born in 1985.
The boss called one of his employees into his real estate office.
You know you're in trouble when your computer has more memory than you do.
Bad luck is being run over by the welcome wagon.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
Sometimes the majority only means that all the fools are on the same side.
A mainframe: the biggest PC peripheral available.
Everyone serves a purpose in life, even if it is to be a horrible example.
I've told you a million times: DON'T EXAGGERATE!!
Patience is something that you admire greatly in the driver behind you but not in the one ahead of you.
It's sweet to be remembered, but cheaper to be forgotten.
It's better to be right than to profit from being wrong.
Friends are the chocolate chips in the cookies of life.
Cats know Mom's black suede gloves are giant tarantulas that need to be killed.
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you're doing.
Why is your index finger the same size as your nostrils?
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
Aim low: reach your goals and avoid disappointment.
The USS Enterprise is like toilet paper it circles Uranus, wiping out Klingons.
No man's life, liberty, or property is safe while the legislature is in session.
If Cat Stevens married Snoop Doggy Dogg, he'd be Cat Doggy Dogg.
A Commonplace Book: True Stories: Yes, They Really Said That...
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force.
If stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?
Did you hear about the man who won the gold medal at the Olympics?
Men: Can't live with 'em, don't really need them anyway.
Why does mineral water that 'has trickled through mountains for centuries have a 'use by' date?
Well you shouldn't go sticking wild birds up your fanny then should you!!
This is Funny! I am glad I dont have these guys hosting bill!
When I turned two I was really anxious, because I'd doubled my age in a year.
Don't take life seriously - you won't get out alive!
Genius is 10 percent inspiration and 50 percent capital gains.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Well aren't you a waste of two billion years of evolution.
A man on a date wonders if he'll get lucky. The woman already knows.
GMTV: In which direction do the hands of a clock travel ?
Leadership is an attitude before it is an ability.
Lena - eats food then throws up, rapidly shrinking.
Ah, love - the walks over soft grass, the smiles over candlelight, the arguments over just about everything else.
A welfare state is when the government of the people and for the people buy the people. -B.C.
Why are articles of clothing like slacks, shorts, briefs called a pair when there is only one of them?
Women like silent men, they think they're listening.
Serving your country was a privilege, living here was a bigger privilege.
American Non-Sequitor Society - we don't make sense, but we do like pizza.
That's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall.
The Universe is a big place... perhaps the biggest.
It's so crowded in here I have to go outside to change my mind.
IF IT'S NOT WORTH READING 5 TIMES, IT'S NOT WORTH SENDING.
The soldier decided to desert his dessert in the desert.
How did a fool and his money get together to begin with?
There were five peanuts walking down the street, and one was asaulted...peanut.
Dammit, Shatner! I'm a doctor, not a very good actor!
It's a small world, but I'd hate to have to paint it.
The third cowboy remained silent, slowly stirring the coals with his penis...
Since Americans throw rice at weddings, do Asians throw hamburgers?
The field that most needs lime will be the one you've just converted to no-till.
Do you realize that we spend approximately one seventh of our lives on Monday?
Let's meet, so you can "ooh" and "aah" over my experience.
Why not bring your wife along and get a wonderful bargain?
She is an expert housekeeper: every time she gets divorced, she keeps the house.
You're beginning to sound reasonable ... Time to up my medication.
Accept than some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the statue.
Blessed is the end-user who expects nothing, for ye shall not be dissapointed.
Shepherd's Pie = 3.141592653589793238462643383279502884197169 sheep.
Puritanism: the haunting fear that somewhere, someone may be happy.
SuperLaugh.com Free eCards, Free Greeting Cards, Birthday Cards, Jokes, and Funny Pictures!
Song: Row row row your boat, reading Field and Stream.
What happens if I want to try alternative forms of medicine?
If you search for the unknown, expect to be surprised.
A loafer is a man who rests before he gets tired.
You're hotter than a Bunsen burner set to full power!
He replied, I always thought I was, but I just found out I'm a lesbian.
What? And lose all the money I've invested in running personal ads?
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Did you hear about the new Divorce Barbie?
If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.
Three blondes died and are at the pearly gates of Heaven.
You might be a Desi if, you keep switching your internet service provider because the first month is free.
The Item of equipment that usually wont start or jams when you need it the most is the pump.
If you get them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
Gareth - sweet but dresses too good to be straight.
He's a graduate of The Uncle Fester  Keith Moon School of hair styling.
A dropped nut will seek the least level of accessibility.
Not only am I redundant and superfluous, but I also tend to use more words than necessary.
I'm not worthless! I can always serve as a bad example!
If it's not going by the plan, maybe there never was a plan.
The old woman is intent on her beads and does not look up.
STOREROOM: the distance required between the supermarket aisles so that children in shopping carts can't quite reach anything.
Chad - cute, sensitive and very studly - only found in American movies.
Hannah - needs to be naked at all times, eats kebabs.
None is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
No one ever injured his eyesight by looking on the bright side of things.
In Cleveland, Ohio, it's illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
There are two theories to arguing with women, neither of them work.
We don't look like a frog in a blender when dancing.
If people listened to themselves, they would talk a whole lot less.
Y did the cannibal rush 2 the cafeteria? He heard kids were half price.
The computer takes away man's benign capacity to forget.
The more I learn about women the more I love my Harley.
Sometimes it's easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby?
When the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to look like a nail.
Man who finger girl having period get caught red handed.
Lloyd George could not see a belt without hitting below it.
You see a man with a gun, but he's demanding to be let off the plane.
The spin cycle on the washing machine does not make earth worms dizzy.
If Ro were assimilated, would she be Bajoran Borg?
Without my ignorance your knowledge would be meaningless.
I have the oldest typewriter in the world. It types in pencil.
Two blokes were out walking home from work one afternoon.
Vuja De: The feeling you've never been here before.
How many Chicago School Economists does it take to change a light bulb?
Most accidents happen at home - maybe we oughta move.
So he picks the little fella up again, and shows him the horse's ears.
Life is a mixture of proteins and preservatives all trapped into a pale, green, gelatinous goo.
Philosopher: A fool who torments himself during life, to be spoken off when dead.
Wanted: Woman with computer. Send photo of computer.
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
Doing a thing wrong for a long period of time gives it the superficial appearance of being right.
I liked "Slaughterhouse 5", but I can't find the first four anywhere.
You are not expected to know the names of more than five colours.
There are only two emotions on Wall Street: Fear and greed.
Press Alt - Ctrl - Del to continue ...
Just tell Nemo you couldn't find him because you were getting high. He'll understand.
What do you think of this way of making a living?
Line noise provided compliments of Southern Bell!
You know you're in trouble when you look like the picture on your driver's license.
Advertising raises the standard of living by raising the standard of longing.
Please read them with that in mind - or do not read them at all.
The only thing some people know how to cook, is your goose.
If you hit two keys in a typewriter, the one you don't want hits the paper.
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
Jokes - Harry's Just Rosh Hashana  Yom Kippur Jokes!
If your IQ was two points higher, you'd be a rock.
The Sausage Principle: People who love sausage and respect the law should never watch either one being made.
Maybe the grass is greener on the other side because there is more manure over there.
Why is it whenever someone tastes something bad they always want you to taste it?
Ajit: Rawbert, Diana ko thoda khatta khila dayna, yeh Diana se dinasour ban ho jayegi, phir extinct bhi ho jaayegi!
If a mime is arrested do they tell him he has the right to talk?
When life seems like an uphill climb, take comfort in the fact that you're mooning everyone behind you.
Someone who thinks of himself as a wit is usually half right.
All purpose excuse...it seemed like a good idea at the time.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Users : Keep them dry and don't feed them after midnight.
Everything goes on sale ... right after you buy it.
I had a lovely evening. Unfortunately, this wasn't it.
There are only three kinds of people in the world: people who can count and people who can't.
Upon completion of the test, both men missed only one of the questions.
Your favorite brand name is IRREGULAR.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
Anything worth doing is worth getting someone else to do.
As long as there are tests there will be prayer in public schools.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
Why do they call apartments "apartments" when they are built together?
What do they call a coffee break at the Lipton Tea Company?
Share your smile with everyone, but save your kiss for only one.
The trouble with talking too fast is that you may say something you haven't thought of yet.
One night a police officer was staking out a particularly rowdy bar for possible DUI violations.
He who blames himself is halfway there. He who blames no one has arrived.
Politician: One who shakes your hand before elections and shakes your confidence after.
Meekness: Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that's really worth while.
You can never fall off the floor. But you can fall of the stage at O.M.U.N.
We were sooooooo poor... we would eat beans for breakfast, water for lunch, then we'd swell up for dinner.
Logic is neither an art or a science but a dodge.
A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.
Divorce Humor has split and moved to its own page.
A life with love will have some thorns, but a life without love will have no roses.
Death called while you were out, so I gave him your pager number.
If you remember the 60's you weren't really there.
The only dumb question is one you haven't asked yet.
Why did the weatherman put his coat on backwards? To avoid a cold front!
Classified ad: For Sale: Man's suit, perfect fit.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Just "before" someone gets nervous were the butterflies in their stomach cocoons?
Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, only backwards and in high heels.
Tommy: Yessssss (getting tired of the questions by this time).
Larry was a Chemist, But Larry is no more, What Larry thought was H20 Was H2SO4.
Flatten cats front back legs over its stomach (resist impulse to flatten cat).
If you scratch your rear, don't bite your fingernails.
How would you ever know if a word was mis-spelled in the dictionary?
What a lovely day, now watch some bastard come and spoil it!
Carlos was absent yesterday because he was playing football. He was hurt in the growing part.
Kung Fu powers, resulting in you getting your ass kicked.
Also note that Windaes 98 does not recognise capital letters or punctuation marks.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of credit card payments.
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.
True love can not be found where it does not truly exist, nor can it be hidden where it does.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy but socially dead.
Nothing inspires me and strengthens my commitment like our annual stewardship campaign!
What are 3 words you never wanna hear whilst making love? Honey, I'm home!
Bill's Septic Cleaning. We haul American made products!
Everyone has a purpose in life. Perhaps mine is watching television!
The temporary alternative to death is insecurity.
Save Your Breath ... You'll need it to blow up your date!
The secret to success in life is to not tell people everything you know.
Those who fought for it know the true taste of freedom.
There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
Used Iraqi rifles for sale: Dropped once, never fired.
McGyver can teach us many things we don't want to know.
Professional soldiers are predictable; the world is full of dangerous amateurs.
Dogs come when you call. Cats have answering machines.
Most of the time I swallow, but for asshole's like you, I spit...
Get a new car for you spouse - it'll be a great trade!
Help stamp out and eradicate superfluous redundancy.
I saw a vegetarian wearing a furry coat. so I looked closer. it was made of grass.
I am writing on behalf of my sink, which is running away from the wall.
Just as Santa leaned out and threw up on my shrub.
I don't like sex on TV, everytime I try it I fall off.
Objects on screen are closer than they appear...
The world's gone to the dogs, the fleas are in charge.
Early to bed, early to rise, work like hell, and advertise.
If we are to better the future, we must disturb the present.
Only in America... do we order a double cheeseburger, a large fry, and a diet coke.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
I'll Marry You Tomorrow But Let's Honeymoon Tonight.
The difference between art and science is that if something works in art, you don't have to explain why.
Country singers - Four. One to screw it in and three to write about the old one.
Well, you know what they say: behind every successful man is an amazed woman.
Are Girl Scout Cookies made from real Girl Scouts?
May you have a very pleasant and happy Y2K experience.
We do not tear your clothing with machinery. We do it carefully by hand.
Rugby is a colourful game - you get black and blue all over.
Your home, and indeed some Cadillacs, have more computing power than many third-world nations. - Daniel Siewiorek.
My neighbour has a circular driveway... He can't get out.
A man usually feels better after a few winks, especially if she winks back.
Encourage him to watch some type of team sporting event on television.
A good organizer is one who is careful to plan ahead.
View some of our corporate presentations on the web.
Why is a bottle of lemon juice made with artificial flavour, and dishwashing liquid made with real lemons?
For sale: parachute, only used once, never opened, small stain.
A guy was telling about this girl Sue who disguised herself as a man and joined the army.
When you think you have discovered the real problem, you have not.
I am driving this way becouse I want to PISS YOU OFF!
You have a vinyl table cloth on your kitchen table.
Diagnostic : one who doesn't know whether there are two gods.
Isn't amazing how friendly telemarketers are until you say no?
The success of those we dislike proves that luck exists.
I have a degree in Liberal Arts - do you want fries with that?
Everyone is entitled to be stupid but you're abusing the privilege.
When the blind leadeth the blind, get out of their way.
Discover all unpredictable errors before they occur.
How do you know if honesty is the best policy unless you've tried some of the others?
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it or they don't.
They just opened a great singles bar on my block.
Experience - 1. Recognizing a mistake the second time you make it.
When the photocopier doesn't work, call computer support. There's electronics in it.
You wake up screaming "TORO TORO TORO!" in the middle of the night.
When a front line soldier overhears two General Staff officers conferring, he's fallen back too far.
Judge people by what they are, not where they are.
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week.
This Tagline was filmed before a live studio audience.
My mind is made up ... don't confuse me with the facts.
Applying computer technology is simply finding the right wrench to pound in the correct screw.
Santa is very jolly because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Why do we have noses that run and feet that smell?
Always remember that you're unique, just like everybody else.
What do you call a fly buzzing around inside a mans head?
You've had to swerve around animals grazing on the road.
Women are only fertile a few days each month... unless they're single.
You have two cows but you don't know where they are. You break for lunch.
Learn your history or repeat it in summer school.
Somehow I have to believe that I'm worth all the aggravation I cause myself.
Nowlan's Theory: He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from the next freeway exit.
Leisure time is that five or six hours when you sleep at night.
This message, plus 97 cents, will get you a cup of coffee.
Honk if you've never seen an Uzi fired from a car window!
I'll bet you I could stop gambling if you really wanted to.
Common sense is what tells you the world is flat.
When evolution is outlawed, only outlaws children will evolve.
This material may be copied and pasted anywhere you wish as long as you include the following referring addy....
SWEETHEART: I can`t stand it another second! Slide it in! Screw me now!!!
It's meaningless to speak of domesticating a child.
She immediately says, "Father, remember Psalm 129".
If you have wet dreams, take your umbrella to bed with you.
We in the industry know that behind every successful screenwriter stands a woman. And behind her stands his wife.
I used to have a drug problem, but now I have more money.
The Borg assimilated me  all I got was this stupid T-Shirt!
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes fully open.
How many drummers does it take to change a light bulb?
The best tag sales always have the least parking.
I just joined a new HMO. How difficult will it be to choose the doctor I want?
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
Whenever you lose contact with the enemy, look behind you.
I'm not suddenly a dirty old man. I've been practising since 1949.
Keep your eyes open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
By the time you have the right answers, no one is asking you questions.
The cat cleared away the manure, found the chirping bird, and promptly ate him.
Now pass this on! If you don't, you'll never have sex ever again.
The patient is tearful and crying constantly. She also appears to be depressed.
Quel est le comble du pleonasme? Un Francais moyen.
Men are from earth, women are from earth, deal with it.
MacIntosh: Computer with training wheels you can't remove.
Are those your eyeballs? I found them in my cleavage.
The best way to a man's heart is to saw his breast plate open.
Learn from other people's mistakes, life isn't long enough to make them all yourself.
Traditionally, most of Australia's imports come from overseas.
I went alone on our honeymoon. My wife had already seen Niagara Falls.
You are kind and giving towards others. What are you after?
Could you drive any better if I shoved that cell phone up your _ _ _?
To live well, know the difference between good and evil.
Why does "cleave" mean both split apart and stick together?
By laying off 40% of its loggers, a company improves its stock price from $80 to $100.
Cos you always need a rough draft before the final copy.
Coz she found out that Phillips 24 inch was a TV.
And God said: E = mv - Ze/r, and there was light!
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Ted Kennedy's Bumper Sticker: My other car is underwater.
A computer is almost human - except that it does not blame its mistakes on another computer.
Go on speeding, we'll cut you out (of your car ) -- Your Fire Dept.
Anything not nailed down is mine. Anything I can pry loose is not nailed down.
How does the door close after the bus driver gets off?
Grant - HORNY! But so sweet and you can talk to him about anything.
Mine fields are not neutral. They attack both armies.
Support your local medical examiner: die strangely!
Midnight basketball - bread and circuses in the 1990's.
This truck has been in 15 accidents... and hasn't lost one yet...
The four food groups: Coffee, ice cream, beer and pizza.
Marilyn - eats like a horse, out stays her welcome.
New students come from schools that do not teach anything.
Graeme - very hard to understand, likes group sex.
They say the grass is greener on the other side, but have you ever flipped it over?
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare.
Words are not food, though sometimes we must eat them.
Respect is mutual, if you don't respect others viewpoints, chances are they won't acknowledge yours.
Bureaucracy: transforming energy into solid waste.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise my hand . . .
DEFINITION: Address - Type of attire worn by some female programmers.
If you can't be content with what you have received, be thankful for what you have escaped.
If you're not sure about some of the correlations, now's a good time to look them up in your Bible!
One morning a son got up and was leaving the house with a hand full of chicken wire.
I used to be schizophrenic, but we're all right now.
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.
Most men have died without creating; not one has died without destroying.
Time stands still for no one, except a woman in her late thirties.
Adolescence is when children start bringing up their parents.
They shot in the air three times, but no one came.
Reach for the moon. If you miss, you may fall on a star.
Men and women will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted.
Everyone has the right to be stupid. Some just abuse the privilege.
Clark - hilarious and always in trouble, problem with 'jailbait'.
Ten - Remember, the Ark was built by amateurs; the Titanic by professionals.
Don[singlequote]t bite the hand that has your paycheck in it.
Don't ask the cashier for change for the condom machine.
Trevor - sweet and funny but sometimes untrustworthy.
Some people, like me, are born idiots, but many more become stupider as they go along.
The reason? What good is it to have the inclination if you don't have the time?
If I had anything witty to say, I wouldn't put it here.
A consultant is an ordinary person a long way from home.
Your mind is like a Welsh railway - one track and dirty.
Modern hammers are used to inflict pain on oneself.
The best way to save face is to keep the lower part shut.
Lord, if I can't be skinny, let all my friends be fat.
Reality is a crutch for people who can't face drugs.
No one is listening until you make a mistake. Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
Personifiers Unite! You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity.
Ya can't get married to yer sweetheart 'cause there's a law against it.
Female Applicants must be childless (and remain that way).
Any written specification you have been issued by the customer will be the old one that has since been revised.
Ma'am, I'm not going to ticket you, but I do have to issue you a warning.
So, the new monk goes to the head monk to ask him about this.
Do you know if your daughter has ever been involved in the voodoo occult?
Bulldozer: Someone who sleeps through political campaign speeches.
Where was the toothbrush invented ? Arkansas. If it was invented anywhere else it have been called a teethbrush.
Dane - weird but can hold together a conversation with a mermaid.
Always try to make other people happy, even if you have to leave them alone to do it.
The Procrastinator Ananymous meeting has been put off till next week.
LAW 3: The more expensive (and newer) the golf ball, the greater its attraction to water.
Early to rise and early to bed makes a male healthy and wealthy and dead.
I just bought a cured ham; I wonder what it had...
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Personality: Easy; thinks she is classy and sophisticated, actually has no clue.
Death or compliance - now that's not too much to ask for, is it?
Have you ever stopped to think and forgot to start again?
I never repeat the same mistake, because I make such a variety of them.
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
I'd do what the voices tell me but I don't speak their language.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time." So I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.
I like to go to art museums and name the untitled paintings...
Smile; you may meet a person who will play with your life.
I wasn't born a bitch. Men like you made me this way.
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper? He sold his soul to Santa!
Never kiss at the garden gate - love is blind, but the neighbours aint.
CUSTOMER: No, just to the right of the first 'E' is a 'V'.
A woman is like a piano. If she's not upright she's grand.
Female. .. because they always go to the bathroom in pairs.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed have popular it remains?
If your parents didn't have any, then you probably won't either.
Doesn't know much but leads the league in nostril hair.
What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians?
Never trust a stockbroker who's married to a travel agent.
The facts, although interesting, are generally irrelevant.
Petroleum and coffee had no value a few centuries ago.
A cat is the universe's way of showing us perfection.
The Hubbell space telescope works fine; all that stuff is blurry!
The man who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on.
The faster you go, the shorter you are - Einstein.
Do Not Wash - this vehicle is undergoing a scientific dirt test.
About 20 minutes later, his dad comes up, spanks him, then goes back downstairs.
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
If you have a nervous disorder, please fidget with the hash key until someone comes on the line.
Personalize agreement and depersonalize disagreement..
Senators Kennedy and Packwood shake their heads when they walk past you.
It is as necessary for men to hear the Gospel, as it was for Christ to die.
No life without the sun, no Life without the Son.
Now is your chance to have your ears pierced and get an extra pair to take home, too.
Write up all of your Ph.D. papers before you leave to do a postdoc.
Where does the crew go on sundays?...To the Holy-Deck!
These were the initials of the woman, and she had made this tablecloth 35 years before, in Austria.
What do you get when you cross Viagra with Miracle Grow?
Usage: None really, except methane production. Good samples are able to produce large quantities on command.
Always remember: one good turn gets most of the blankets.
The best way to forget all your problems is to wear tight shoes.
Had every Athenina citizen been a Socrates, every Athenian assembly would still have been a mob.
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth.
HIP: Smartly attuned to the latest cutting-edge cliches.
How do you get a husband to love you and no one else?
While pulling the drinks the barman asks, excuse me, but are you a piece of string?
A bird in the hand is worth about three Kleenex.
No woman will treat you as badly as the woman you marry.
If a woman can be a meter maid, can a man be a meter butler?
As I learn to trust the universe, I no longer need to carry a gun.
Visit your money this year - vacation in Washington, D.C.
Eight - Speed isn't always an advantage. The snails were on board with the Cheetahs.
When she opens her mouth, it seems that it is only to change feet.
Always take the time to smell the roses... and sooner or later you'll inhale a bee.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
The road to the patent office is paved with good inventions.
I hate making predictions; especially about the future!
Eureka: An euphemism for You smell bad.
At Jesus' tomb, did angels really roll away the stone, or was it Juvenile Delinquents?
Who the hell is the guy bending the bananas and why is he doing it?
Grossman's Misquote: Complex problems have simple, easy to understand wrong answers.
A loser is a window washer on the 44th floor who steps back to admire his work..
After I cook the vegetables, what do I do with the wheelchairs?
Why don't blind people like to skydive? Because it scares the dog.
When you're sending someone styrofoam, what do you pack it in?
A polar bear is a rectangular bear after a coordinate transform.
For Sale -- Eight puppies from a German Shepherd and an Alaskan Hussy.
Once you've climbed the ladder of success, you're over the hill.
Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.
Death is a part of life. It's just a lot less scary and painful than the rest of it.
There go my people. I must go for I am their leader.
Alcohol and calculus don't mix. Don't drink and derive.
Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of a bottle?
When it comes to thought some people stop at nothing.
What is the difference between a Harley and a Hoover?
So he goes to a priest. He asks for the priest's opinion.
What is the air speed veloicty of an unladened swallow?
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
Life is 10% of what happens to you, and 90% of how you respond to it.
The ruin of most men dates from some idle moment.
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
OUTSIDE A HONG KONG DRESS SHOP: Ladies have fits upstairs.
Advertisement: the most truthful part of a newspaper.
Always remember no matter where you go, there you are.
How come you are on one frequency when everyone else is on another?
When your dreams turn to dust, it's time to vacuum.
Life is like stepping onto a boat which is about to sail out to sea and sink.
If you woke up breathing, congratulations! You have another chance!
The number of a person's relatives is directly proportional to his fame.
California raisins murdered: Cereal Killer suspected.
What happened to the Pope when he went to Mount Olive?
You can only be young once, but you can be immature forever.
EXPERIENCED COMPUTER PROGRAMMERS modify Algorithm A by placing a known elephant in Cairo to ensure that the algorithm will terminate.
Guys ... just because you have one, doesn't mean you have to be one.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
Bubba died in a fire and was burnt pretty bad and the morgue needed someone to identify the body.
Problem weeds appear first at the back end of the field you visit least.
Sign over mirror in Men's restroom, Ed Debevic's, Beverly Hills, CA.
Ambidextrose: able to put sugar in coffee with either hand.
The original Mickey Mouse cartoon was in Mouse, with English subtitles.
Beam me up Scotty! The liberals have taken over!
Monday is a truly awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
Don't walk through the screen door, you might strain yourself.
Opportunities are not lost, they just go to someone else.
We have mileage, yardage and footage. What about inchage?
Inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in pain.
In order to determine which individual to hire, the applicants were asked to take a test by the Department manager.
A friend is someone that won't begin to talk behind your back when you leave the room.
Eagles may soar, but dogs don't get sucked into jet engines.
Clinton didn't inhale . . . Brown didn't exhale!
Any cowboy can carry a tune. The trouble comes when he tries to unload it.
In the beginning of time, there was nothing. And then, even that exploded!
Marriage is like a cage; those outside are desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out.
You're only young once. You're immature forever.
A traveller from the city takes a trip in the country by car and drives over a hare.
The Virgin May is not referred to as the "Mary with the cherry".
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, then what happened to the rabbit?
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather ...
I broke my arm trying to fold a bed. It wasn't the kind that folds.
I spilled spot remover on my dog and now he's gone.
El hachero vende un camion carga por $100. La cuesta de production es...
From: Ian Ellis ian#NoSpam.iglou.com A rolling stone gathers momentum.
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife?
On a pair of work gloves: For best results, do not leave at crime scene.
Don't thank me for insulting you. It was my pleasure...
If I would like to hear from an asshole, I'd fart!
I met this girl who said I could fill a void in her life.
Don't Put Off 'Till Tomorrow What... You Put On To Go To Bed.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
The more terrible a food is, the healthier it is.
Pizza Man: And you're at the psychiatric hospital?
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
Particularly in America, where more people resemble Buddha than Jesus.
I wouldn't laugh mister it could be your daughter in this car.
Shared pain is lessened; shared joy is increased.
The more crap that you put up with, the more crap you're going to get.
Re: Whats the difference between......................
Some problems don't have solutions, only consequences..
Anything you try to fix will take longer and cost more than you thought.
Don't miss these fabulous speakers, and the fun and excitement of the VegSource Expo!
About twenty minutes later he returned without the dog. "Where's Molly?" his dad asked.
Greyhound: A very short skirt, only an inch from the hare.
My inferiority complexes aren't as good as yours.
Sunday = Sports. It's like the full moon or the changing of the tides. Let it be.
By using the button above, no formatting will be lost.
Three things happen when you get old. First your memory goes, then... um... um...
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder ... 24 hours in a day... 24 beers in a case ...  Coincidence?
You've ever stabbed someone's hand while reaching for the last pork chop.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
So he said, Cheer up: it could be worse! So we cheered up. And it got worse.
Forwarded from Dave Wisneski, Robert Kissell, David Sonshine, and Ronald Poserina, Jr.
The day you leave work early to make it to class on time, the sensei will be sick.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you weren't asleep.
I'm thankful for all these little conversations without them I wouldn't know what humility really stands for.
I wear my heart on my sleeve. I wear my liver on my pant leg.
And God threw them out of the Data Center and locked the door and secured it with a password.
I had my head examined. They didn't find anything.
If jackasses could fly, this place would be an airport.
Any man who can see through women is sure missing a lot.
After that, you'd better have a big dick or huge tits.
Other people[singlequote]s tools work only in other people[singlequote]s gardens.
A cat's purr is the sound of it generating cute.
There are 11 messages totalling 344 lines in this issue.
Friends Come And Go, But Relatives Never Leave.....
Two software engineers were standing in the park. One had a new bike.
Brain -- the apparatus with which we think that we think.
I'm not dumb. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information.
Whoever said to spend your vacation didn't know how right they were.
My wife wasn't sure and said, What again, so I repeated the gestures.
Who are the grateful dead and why do they keep following me?
Male: An endless source of entertainment, self-expression, and malebonding.
But I don't have an any key on my computer!
Just because I'm paranoid doesn't mean they aren't out to get me!
If you step out of a short line for a second, it becomes a long line.
Most great discoveries start with making a mistake.
Those who remember their weekend don't party enough.
It is always much harder to find a job than to keep one.
Since we're all here, let's start the service early.
If I hated my house and fell in love with my office building, would that be an edifice complex?
Women . . . can't live with 'em . . . can't shoot 'em.
She leans closer to him, flips back her hair, gazes meaningfully into his eyes.
Pride in prosperity becomes misery in adversity.
Why is vanilla ice cream white when vanilla extract is brown?
Shopping is NOT a sport. And no, we are never going to think of it that way.
You only buy Christmas cards after Christmas, when they are 50% off.
Now entering Iowa. Please set your clocks back 20 years.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
Help! I'm parked diagonally in a parallel universe.
Search your feelings... you know it to be true...
Hoped you liked the one liners, go back to my first page and check something else out!
Question #3: Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of what?
It's beautiful the way it is; why spoil it by making it legal?
A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
But his toys were all gone, and some new thing were packed.
Men know that PMS is Mother Natures way of telling you to get out of the house.
A working program is one that has only unobserved bugs.
Never do anything you wouldn't be caught dead doing.
Don't bite the hand that has your paycheck in it.
The destination is set: it is the journey there that is uncertain.
What sunshine is to flowers...smiles are to humanity.
Why did the squirrel sleep on his stomach? To keep his nuts warm.
Sure it's user-friendly...if you know what you're doing.
Confucius say...Girl who sits on Judge's lap gets honourable discharge.
Vuja De': the strange feeling you get that nothing has happened before.
Do you love me because I am beautiful or I am I beautiful because you love me?
Always be on the lookout for conspicuousness (or, It's hard to tell if someone is inconspicous).
You are young only once, but you can be immature all your life.
This was sent through the WWA mailing list by Denise :-) Thanks Denise!!
The delay between delivery and comprehension of a joke.
The 3 rings of marriage: 1.engagement ring...2.wedding ring..3.
A woman is like a teabag: you never know how strong she is until she gets in hot water.
Do you know what I hate? I hate rhetorical questions.
WELLHUNG: I`m touching your butt now. Are all these bumps boils or what?
I have become completely paranoid, trusting completely no one and absolutely nothing.
Line printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
Connie: Well, I'm sure you were just trying to understand the game. What questions did you ask?
I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.
Three reasons for being a teacher: June, July, and August.
Tell me again how lucky I am to work here (I keep forgetting).
THE FUNNY SITE OF THE DAY -- Rodney lived for the jokes -- and his will always live on.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid.
She's just a bootlegger's daughter, but I love her still.
Which of the following cars will rust out the quickest when placed on blocks in your front yard?
She'll hate you like poison and love you like mad.
Your best friend is dating someone half their age, and isn't breaking any laws.
Keyboard: The standard way to generate computer errors.
The bird that can sing and won't sing must be made to sing.
The greatest luxury of riches is that they enable you to escape so much good advice.
If you have every reason to be angry, then be happy for no reason.
First Rule of Holes: if you're in one, STOP DIGGING!
How many Gardnerians does it take to change a light bulb?
HELP! I need a tagline. HELP! Not just any tagline.
Female: Fully opening up one's self emotionally to another.
Anything preying on your mind would starve to death.
Fluorescent tubing was dimmed in light trading. Knives were up sharply.
Hoses bend, ladders don't.... Park the truck where you can use it!
What would we have called the color orange if it wasn't a fruit?
All bags and boxes in a given room must contain a cat within the earliest possible nanosecond.
The Bible was written by the same people who said the Earth was flat.
This is a Microsoft tagline: it needs 16MB ram to be installed.
The young know the rules, the old know the exceptions.
I almost made it big, when I invented the steel-belted radio. Missed it by that much.
The desire to work is often confined to classified ads.
All progress stems from change but all change is not necessarily progress.
To keep milk from turning sour, keep it in the cow.
If at first you do not succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
The careful application of terror can also be a form of communication.
Off-line Readers are commie plots to drive us crazy!
If you don't like the way I drive get off the sidewalk.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
If most car accidents occur within five miles of home, why doesn't everyone just move 10 miles?
Mr. Bullfrog says: Time is fun when you're having flies.
Late to bed. Early to rise. Fish all day. Make up lies.
I finally got my head together, and my body fell apart.
If God didn't love procrastinators, why did He invent tomorrow?
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was "Always".
And the only thing the Borg left was this Macintosh...
Copyright  by Jokes-Quotes.com All Right Reserved.
The number watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
If you had one less chromosome, you'd be a Simpson!
More Bumper Sticker that prove American's have a great sense of humor!
No flight ever leaves on time unless you are running late and need the delay to make the flight.
When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance.
Each person is required to state his former occupation and tell his or her yearly salary.
KEYBOARD - Hardware used to enter errors into a computer.
It's always darkest before dawn. So, if you're going to steal the neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys.
No part of this Internet site may be reproduced without prior written permission of the copyright holder.
Russell - likes to play in the leaves, which makes him an arsehole.
I managed to get a good job working for a pool maintenance company, but the work was just too draining.
ComputerInternetHumor-2Pages!
Before you know it, you REACH 50 . . . and your dreams are gone.
The definition of an upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
If you do drink and drive you might as well smoke, too.
If Clinton didn't inhale, how come his brain is fried?
Behind the couch you find a forged passport, plane tickets, and nine suicide bombs.
Pollytheism n.; the belief that God is a parrot.
It is better to forget and smile, than to remember and be sad.
I've discovered that I often visit the state of confusion, and I know my way around pretty well.
There are only four words in the English language that end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
Word processors never display a cursor on screen but will always say: Enter Password Now.
Never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
A husband was asked: Do u talk to wife after sex?
Stand Back! I have a brain and I'm not afraid to use it.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
C:\COFFEE.POT missing: (A)bort, (R)etry, (F)all asleep.
The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the letter.
Don't worry about life; you're not going to survive it, anyway.
Press [ESC] to detonate or any other key to explode.
A pessimist complains about the noise when opportunity knocks.
A broken lock will always work when demonstrated for the locksmith.
Natasha - had seven kids before age 17, needs ironing.
SWEETHEART: I see. Well, I want you anyway. Would you like to screw?
I thought I had hit rock bottom, but now I'm tunneling.
Mcondom: It melts in your mouth, not in your hands!
SAINT: a dead liberal worshipped by living conservatives.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise_my_hands...
And I've got a friend who's fallen in love with two school bags, he's bisatchel.
All the world's a stage, but most of us are stage hands.
Copyright  1998 - 2004 Expatriate Online All rights reserved.
If the 12 Apostles were to be marketed as action figures, would Judas be sold separately?
Tore back the shade while she played with herself.
Insanity is hereditary --- You get it from your children.
It's hard to understand how a cemetery raises its burial cost and blames the cost of living.
Also note that ARKANSAS EDITION does not recognize capital letters or punctuation marks.
Boss: (to employee) - Experts say humor on the job relieves tension in this time of down-sizing, Knock, Knock.
My jokes are good for depression. I get depressed just typing them.
Bore: One who, upon being asked how they are, tells you.
Math and Alcohol do not mix. Please don't drink and derive.
I shall never forget that the probability of a miracle, though small, is not exactly zero.
The key? It's the one in the back that was renamed .
The first myth of management is that it exists; the second myth of management is that success equals skill.
And your crybaby whiney-assed opinion would be...?
If you are feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
LAPD motto: Let's leave early and beat the crowd.
This button doesn't do anything! Please press it again!!
Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average.
A bachelor can only chase a girl until she catches him.
Eddie is a tender subject. Would you like another piece?
I love deadlines. I espeacially like the whoosing sound they make as they go flying by.
Experience is a comb that nature gives us after we go bald.
Remember when sex was safe and motorcycles were not!
The only thing worse than a man you can't control is a man you can.
Everyone needs a place in the sun, especially when it rains.
At least I have a positive attitude about my destructive habits.
What happens when a flying witch breaks the sound barrier?
I used to be a lumberjack, but I just couldn't hack it, so they gave me the axe.
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge, would they call it Fed UP?
A geologist is sent to darkest Africa to live with a primitive tribe.
My attention isn't hard to get. It IS hard to keep...
What do toilets and anniversaries have in common?
A man committed suicide by overdosing on decongestant tablets. All they found was a pile of dust.
Found: Dirty white dog.  Looks like a rat. Been out awhile. Better be reward.
The trouble with ignorance is that it picks up confidence as it goes along.
The perfect officer for the job will transfer in the day after that billet is filled by someone else.
Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes.
Why do you drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Lieutenant Paul Czarnecki, medic, Elbridge Volunteer Fire Department, Elbridge, N.Y.
Be Turke migan ba NEMOONEH Jomle besaz. Migeh: mohemtarin ozve badan, koon e mooneh..
Jean-Paul Sartre is sitting at a French cafe, revising his draft of Being and Nothingness.
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value.
Slow is when someone laps you in the hundred yard dash.
How do you describe the average cannibal? A guy with a wife and ate children.
A schoolteacher is a disillusioned woman who used to think she liked children.
Just remember. . . . if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
The video tapes you rent are 10th generation copies and have scrolling commercials in the middle of the movie.
Bring some dry ice  make it look like your computer is smoking.
A cynic smells the flowers and then looks for the casket.
Silence gives consent, or a horrible feeling that nobody's listening.
A committee is the only life form with 12 stomachs and no brain.
The student asks for these, and swallows them and has new knowledge about those subjects.
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
The source for an unattributed quotation will appear in the most hostile review of you work.
I will not play tug-of-war with Dad's underwear when he's on the toilet.
Being right half the time beats being half-right all the time.
If you try to fail and succeed, which have you done?
A few well placed one night stands gain credibility, not leave you tarnished.
Taxation WITH representation ain't much fun either.
What is the most reliable method to determine a baby's sex?
Remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty?
Don't put your mouth in motion before you put your mind in gear.
The new head of the complaint department isHelen Waite. If you have a complaint go to Helen Waite.
Any stone in a hiking boot migrates to the point of maximum pressure.
On an electrician's truck: Let Us Remove Your Shorts.
Send $20 and I'll double your IQ or no money back!
Id just like to take this opportunity to add this statement.
Bride: a woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
The old make the rules, the young make up the exceptions.
Judging from the taste, I'd say the other one is shinola.
Respect you in the morning? I don't respect you now!
COBOL sucks, Pascal bytes, and assembly is a bits.
He is a very humble man - he has a lot to be humble about.
Teach a man to fish and he will sit in a boat drinking beer all day.
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters.
Budget (v): A method of going broke methodically.
I have a photographic memory, but the lens cap is glued on.
Quickly turn off your computer and be sure to tell your mom!
I always try to do things in chronological order.
Success is a ladder that can not be climbed with your hands in your pockets.
Ajit: Rawbert,is ko microprocessor may daal do! Bit by bit mar jaayga gaa saala!
With some people you spend time, with others you invest it.
Getting the truth from Clinton is like nailing Jell-O to a cyclone fence.
When I do it without being told, I'm trying to be smart.
When a tech tells you that computer monitors don't have cartridges in them, argue. We love a good argument.
The man never blinked and reached into his pocket and handed her ten $100 bills.
If at first you don't succeed - YOU DID IT WRONG!
Marathon runners with bad footwear suffer the agony of defeet.
The score was Hydrogen 2, Oxygen 1 when the game was called because of rain.
Fairy Tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Comments about somebody's momma will git you a butt-whoopin'.
Frisbeetarianism: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
Read the dictionary backwards and look for secret messages.
You've always dreamed of visiting Yosemite National Park to meet your childhood idol, Yosemite Sam.
Everything coming your way? You're in the wrong lane!
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
Patient has two teenage children, but no other abnormalities.
The majority isn't silent--the government is deaf!
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
Now, if it was Father Nature,... there wouldn't have been a problem!!!
If con is the opposite of pro, is congress the opposite of progress?
I often say that "experience" is the thing you get, just after you really could have used it.
We have two ears and one tongue, use them likewise.
You should never loan your tools, pick-up, or gun to nobody.
Honey, I just wanted to say you look wonderful while you scream at me that way.
Ignorance - When you don't know something and someone finds out.
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
The Test: Behavior in times of controversy and challenge.
Isn't it funny how the mood can be ruined so quickly by just one busted condom.
Be nice to other people, they outnumber you 5.5 billion to 1.
It's often easier to fight for one's beliefs and principles than to live up to them.
We're from the government and we're here to help you.
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
Cheating: Playing by the rules they teach in business school.
Two men were walking down the street. One walked into a bar....the smart one ducked!
I'll have one brain on drugs with bacon, toast and juice.
The President of the Bank of International Settlement shot himself.
If credit can possibly go to someone else, it will.
The man who invented the eraser had the human race pretty well sized up.
What do you get when you cross a French Horn player and a goalpost?
I love fast food. That is why I never order snails.
I do not believe in an afterlife, although I am bringing a change of underwear.
A jury consists of twelve people chosen to decide who has the best lawyer.
TIMING LIGHT: A stroboscopic instrument for illuminating grease buildup.
Stress is when you wake up screaming, and realize you hadn't gone to sleep yet.
How to double your hard drive space: Delete Windows.
Tequila: He is thinking he has a chance with the toothless waitress.
Before marriage, a man yearns for the woman he loves. After marriage the " Y" becomes silent.
EGOCENTRIC -- a person who believes he is everything you know you are.
I inherited curiosity from my cat. Why do you ask?
I've now come around to believing in re-incarnation.
I like work... I can sit and watch it for hours.
Scott - has serious disabilities. also takes it up the butt.
Life and liberty are safe only when congress is in recess.
I(nternal) R(evenue) S(ervice): We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
There is nothing two people can't do as long as one of them is God.
If all the nations in the world are in debt, where did all the money go?
Why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens our skin?
A) Infidelity: Running off at any time to console an ex-girl/boyfriend.
Your sole purpose in life may be simply to serve as a warning to others.
A good solution can be successfully applied to almost any problem.
How do you double the value of a Pinto? Fill the tank.
Everything comes to him who waits, including death.
Hey- Yo momma's SO POOR, She Goes to KFC and licks other peoples fingers!
Where subtlety fails, we must simply make do with cream pies.
What is a free gift? Aren't all gifts fre?
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse.
The peak of Mt. Everest would flood if an Army unit was told to set up on it.
Office work dull?...None of your colleagues appreciate your humour?
Sign on Closed Nuclear Power Plant: Gone Fission.
You jump to the next number, or even a few ahead.
For Those who take life a little too seriously......
You lit a match in the bathroom and your house exploded right off its wheels.
I remind u that the most powerful force in the universe is sms gossip.
That which you cannot give away, you don't possess; it possesses you.
Luxuriantly hand-crafted from only the finest ASCII.
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
Well, can I get coverage for my pre-existing conditions?
Don't ask what your community can do for you. Ask what you can do for your community.
You can't prevent disasters, but you can diminish their frequency and severity.
FRIEND SEARCH: Friend detector activated...calibration complete, now searching.....still searching....still searching......sorry, no friends found.
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport.
I hear voices in my head that don't speak my language.
If space  time are the same as Einstein said, can you be five miles late?
I've decided that to raise my grades I must lower my standards.
Her eyes were cold and harsh, which made them tough to chew.
A psychologist is a man who watches everyone else when a beautiful girl enters the room.
If you write an incriminating quote down, your advisor will eventually see it.
How does the guy who drives the snow plough get to work in the mornings?
EINSTEIN RULES RELATIVELY, OK - well, in theory anyway.
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you are.
He's got a full 6-pack, but lacks the plastic thingy to hold it together.
LAW 1: Golf should be given up at least twice per month.
About 3,000 years ago, most Egyptians died by the time they were 30.
If a deaf person swears, does his mother wash his hands with soap?
Please place your donation in the envelope along with the deceased person you want remembered.
Scheduled Release Date: A carefully calculated date determined by estimating the actual shipping date and subtracting six months from it.
Call the Liberal Hot Line: 1-900-TAX-MORE ($100 per minute).
To steal ideas from one is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
You buy a computer and a week later it is out of date.
No, but if you call right now, you might get an appointment by then.
If God had not meant us to write on walls, he would never have given us an example.
Calvin - immature in a naive way, drives a Gemini.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Teamwork is essential; it gives the enemy other people to shoot at.
The real reason you can't take it with you is that it goes before you do.
From: nbuchana#NoSpam.gpu.srv.ualberta.ca (Norm) A probability is a desperate attempt of chaos to become stable.
I make my own water -- two glasses of H, one glass of O.
It is useless for sheep to pass laws concerning vegetarianism when wolves are of a different opinion.
If you try to keep yourself in shape, you're vain.
They're always in hot water, they lack taste, and they need dough.
Shouldn't there be a shorter word for "monosyllabic"?
Reality: a fantasy gone wrong, dreadfully wrong!!!
Always go to other people's funerals, or they won't go to yours.
WHAT PROMISES DO A MAN AND A WOMAN MAKE WHEN THEY GET MARRIED?
We really want to, but my lover's spouse just won't go for it.
Hey, I've started a new exercise program. I do 20 sit-ups every morning.
Ten. One to mix the dough and nine to turn on the cooker.
Alarmed, concerned and more than just a little frustrated the boss asked, "What are they searching for"?
Last Will and Testament: Being of sound mind, I spent all my money.
The Vatican Express Card; don't leave Rome without it.
When you are arguing with an idiot, make sure the other person isn't doing the same thing.
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of you feet?
He cannot rule the great who cannot rule the small.
If an orange is orange, why isn't a lime called a green or a lemon called a yellow?
After an hour the third, dirty, ravelled tatty piece of string goes to the bar.
If you want people to know where you stand, wear the same socks for two weeks.
If you do not like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.
What comes around, goes around is that not the same as WHEN SHIT HITS THE FAN????????
Two rights do not make a wrong, they make an airplane.
An automobile was mentioned in the Bible: Paul said they were all together in one accord.
The on air computer system will always crash when it is on air.
Fig Newton: The force required to accelerate a fig 39.37 inches/sec.
Warning on knife: Caution. Blade is sharp. Keep out of children.
Second Contestant: I was going to say Australia as well. Is it Gibraltar ?
Minds are like parachutes - they only work well when opened.
Love shines like a burning star falling from the sky.
Vacuums are nothings. We only mention them to let them know we know they're there.
How many roads must a man go down before he will stop and ask directions?!!?
Sound really has almost nothing to do with true music.
Ask the person next to you if they know how to tap into top-secret Pentagon files.
Absurdity, n. A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
You haven't played solitaire with real cards in years.
If you can't make it work - make a statistic of it.
How is being at a singles bar different than being at a circus?
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
Can a storm be officially designated as a tornado without touching down at a trailer park?
Power corrupts, but absolute power is really neat.
A good bookshop is just a gentle Black Hole that knows how to read.
WinErr: 00F Unexplained error - Please tell us how this happened.
Once I got angry at an Italian restaurant, so I gave them a pizza my mind.
A day without sun shine is like, you know, night.
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.
If a mime is arrested, is s/he told s/he has the right to remain silent?
A week before Kennedy was shot, he was in M------ M-----!
SOFTWARE SALES PEOPLE ship the first thing they catch and write up an invoice for an elephant.
If you take a oriental and turn him around so he faces west, does he become disoriented?
God is REAL, unless explicitly declared INTEGER.
Evian water 9oz for $1.49 equals $ 21.19 per gallon....$21.19 FOR WATER!!
It will recalibrate your refrigerators coolness setting so all your ice cream melts and milk curdles.
All five-second grenade fuses will burn down in three seconds.
Notice: The How To Overcome Tardiness course starts at 7 pm. Don't be late.
Speak with an accent (French, German, Porky Pig, etc) during a very important conference call.
The proverbial excrement hits the oscillating wind device.
You spent more on your calculator than you did on your wedding ring.
Just remember: You gotta break some eggs to make a real mess on the neighbor's car!
I'm already visualizing the duct tape over your mouth.
Air conditioned environment - Do NOT open Windows!
When they make those kiwi-strawberry drinks, they mash up a kiwi bird.
If You Can Read This Bumper Sticker, You're In Range.
Get your FREE, full-color business cards from VistaPrint.com!
Artificial Intelligence: The other guy's opinion.
From that day on, Patty's fortunes changed. Life was good but was no longer perfect.
Whenever I feel like exercising I lie down until the feeling passes.
With computers, every morning is the dawn of a new error.
I didn't do it, nobody saw me do it, you can't prove it!
Why go for younger men? - You might as well - they never mature anyway.
Even if a mixed metaphor sings, it should be derailed.
Discipline is organization, chain of command and logistics.
I once put instant coffee in a microwave and went back in time.
The closer you get to your thesis deadline, the more time you'll find to spend surfing the web.
I was more nervous than a ceiling fan storeowner with a comb-over.
Remember - half the people you know are below average.
It is not what a teenager knows that bothers his parents, it is how he found out.
Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car....
If you lend someone $20, and you never see that person again, it was probably a good investment.
If you try to snag a pussy at work, you get hit with sexual harassment.
The woman then started to scold the man, "What kind of a father are you?".
You live with your parents and you are 30 years old. (And they prefer it that way).
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
Intuition (n): an uncanny sixth sense which tells people that they are right, whether they are or not.
I am Stoned of Borg! Resistance is like, like, I forget.
In every large problem is a small problem waiting to get out.
We cannot control the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
I am not young enough to know everything. - Oscar Wilde .
The man who says he's boss at home is lying, single or just plain stupid.
All of the sheep are white except for one black one.
Don't laugh - your daughter could be in this vehicle.
You've just decided to grow strawberries. Are you going to get any during your first year?
Brand-new clothing is the larval form of laundry.
What's Irish and stays out all night? Paddy O'Furniture.
Intel: Putting the backward in backward compatible.
Laugh And The Whole World Laughs With You, Cry And... You Have To Blow Your Nose.
If you are a female, don't worry, I have plenty of money.
First Law of Aviation: Takeoff is optional, landing compulsory.
Lowery's Law: If it jams - force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
He said ... Let's go out and have some fun tonight.
What do you call a guy who is accident prone? Rex.
Don't get mad at somebody who knows more 'n you do. It ain't their fault.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
Somehow I imagined this experience would be more rewarding.
If you cannot hope for order, withdraw with style from the chaos.
Some have morals, some don't, most simply ignore them.
A guy goes into a flag shop and asks for a green union jack.
You never know what real happiness is until you get married, and then it is too late.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
Eagles may soar free and proud, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines.
And I certainly can't leave this out -- it's my wife's favorite.
One kid I put thru college, the other I put thru a wall.
The cat that ate that ball of yarn a couple months ago just had mittens.
After thinking about it for a minute, the manager looks at the other employees and starts to laugh.
Don't knock President Fillmore - he kept us out of Vietnam.
Good leaders are like baseball umpires; they go practically unnoticed when doing their jobs right.
Here lies my wife, I bid her goodbye. She rests in peace and now so do I.
Passionate kiss like spiders web - may lead to undoing of fly.
If it doesn't sell in the first ten minutes it won't sell in the first hour.
As indicted, I have over five years of analyzing investments. Personal interests: donating blood. Fourteen gallons so far.
We're making progress. Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
If you can't drink and drive, then why do bars have parking lots?
Lottery: A tax on people who don't understand statistics.
You list your daughter as fair and slim in the matrimonials no matter what she looks like.
It is better to be looked over than to be overlooked.
Next time you think you're perfect, try walking on water.
Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted..
People don[singlequote]t care how much you know until they know how much you care.
We both got 9 questions correct," asked the rejected applicant.
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom of a well.
Idaho: Potatoes and NeoNazi's ... What More Could You Ask For?
Old age needs so little, but it needs that little so much.
If you have to use your training in self-defense, your assailant's father will be a lawyer.
Your wristwatch has more buttons than a telephone.
Jeremy - loud and thinks that he's all that he says he is.
Oh yeah? If you're so smart, why don't I understand you?
The snake comes back in 2 weeks and tells the doctor he's very depressed.
He's not stupid;He is however possessed by a retarded ghost.
Hey! What you readin' for?? Is that not the weirdest question ever???
Gossip: a person who will never tell a lie if the truth will do more damage.
Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.
Pats wife had triplets, now he's trying to find out who the other blokes are.
So easy to use a child can do it. Child sold separately.
Many people have the gift of gab. Some just don't know how to wrap it up.
Copyright 2003-2004 TeeStains.com. All Rights Reserved.
The difference between a house and a home is a family.
After the kids leave home, some parents suffer from the empty-nest syndrome; others change the locks.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
A young man dies and goes to Heaven, where he finds he is third in line at the Pearly Gates.
There are two kinds of egotists: those who admit it and the rest of us.
Vibrato, though you can minimize this difference by holding the chain saw very still.
Internal combustion engines are the dinosaurs' revenge.
There is a method of male birth control. It's called their personality!
Why are buildings still called buildings even after they have been built?
I'm a pea - I can feel a princess through 50 matresses.
You have lost at least one tooth opening a beer bottle.
The computer revolution is over and the computers won!
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
The ancient specimen has been titled the Lloyd's Bank Turd after the bank building under which it was found.
The National Enquirer just loved those nude shots of you.
I have a really good memory except that it's so short.
Life is a trip. Do you have a ticket or are you hitch-hiking?
Sign seen at a Drop Zone (DZ): Man with unchecked parachute will jump to conclusion.
I mixed Rogaine with Viagra... now I've got hair like Don King.
How can you tell if a politician is lying? His lips move!
Don't bother with this guy's sign. He probably couldn't read it anyway.
Old golfers never die, they just lose their balls.
The ratio of time involved in work to time available for work is usually about 0.6.
Anybody going slower than you is an idiot. Anybody going faster than you is a maniac.
My dentist is painless - he doesn't feel a thing.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
The right way to design, build and use a wastewater sampling port.
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
If I could remember your name, I'd ask you where I left my car keys.
While attending a convention, three psychiatrists take a walk.
Grow your own dope...  plant a man!
God doesn't tell us everything, just everything we need to know.
Most have never seen a TV set with only 13 channels, nor have they seen a black and white TV.
It's not that you and I are so clever, but that the others are such fools.
If you give 100%, God will make up the difference!
You don't want a Camaro because of the insurance premiums.
BUFFERS==20 FILES==15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!
You leave for a party and instinctively bring your ID badge.
She became skeptical of his claim to be a Jedi Knight when he offered to show her his Darth Johnson.
Say to your boss, I like your style and shoot him with double-barrelled fingers.
Snakes get lethargic when it is cold out. That is called viperthermia. In warm weather, they become viperactive.
The bluebook value of your truck goes up and down, depending on how much gas it has in it.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
It's hard to believe that even his friends like him.
The antiques that will rise the most in value tomorrow, are those same items you sold yesterday.
There is no such thing as child-proofing your house.
Last night I played a blank tape at full blast. The mime next door went nuts.
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money, they don't generate much interest.
SYMPTOM: Everything has gone dim, mouth full of cigarette butts.
Sticks and Stones may break my bones, but so would an 80lbs. carrot.
If you treat every situation like a life or death matter, be prepared to die a lot of times.
If you shower in your clothes, it shows you're crazy. If you shower nude, it shows your nuts!!!
Once applied, lipstick will never rub off - even while scuba diving.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
If the force so strong with Yoda is, why in proper order a sentence contruct cannot he?
A cat's desire to scratch furniture is directly proportional to the cost of the furniture.
Humans are like tea bags. They never realize their strength until they are put in hot water.
Everybody has their ups and downs. Unfortunately, my ups are just hiccups.
It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them.
It's often cheaper to be forgotten than remembered.
General Nuclear War in module EARTH.exe. This program will be shut down.
Booze may not be the answer, but it helps you forget the question.
If my dog looked as ugly as you, I'd shave its butt teach it to walk backwards!
Exercise and diet are the best ways to fight hazardous waists.
Nothing seems impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
The rings of Saturn are made entirely of lost airline luggage.
He noticed a cow wringing her tail in obvious pain.
There are times when chocolate really can solve all your problems.
I will not eat the cats' food, before or after they eat it.
The warranty: Bold print giveth and fine print taketh away.
There are a lot of reasons to skydive. It does take your mind off your problems.
MOST IMPORTANT, STICK WITH THE SUBJECT OF THE LIST, NOT THE PERSONAL TRAITS OR THINKING OF THE POSTER.
Tell me what you need and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
They're both touch sensitive and every c*nt's got one.
Three, two to hold the ladder and one to screw the bulb into the tap.
The results of your IQ test are back. They're negative.
I can't be over the hill! I haven't been to the top yet!
If she were life size, Barbie's measurements would be 39-23-33.
You forgot one: Why do we kill people, who kill people, to show that killing people is wrong? ...
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'll laugh at you.
Roll cat in towel. Work fast; time tabbies wait for no man - or woman!
Whenever I think of the past, it brings back so many memories . . .
A LINE OF TEXT CAN MEAN 20 THINGS TO 20 OTHER PEOPLE (REGARDLESS OF WHAT WAS SAID).
A Life? Cool! Where can I download one of those from?
Click here to share the nuggets with your friends!!
If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
Your name must be Rose, because I have the incredible urge to plant you right here!
The most valuable function performed by the federal government is entertainment.
You go to the drug store for ibuprofen and antacid, not condoms and pregnancy tests.
WinErr: 01E Timing error - Please wait. And wait. And wait. And wait.
I phoned my dad to tell him I had stopped smoking. He called me a quitter.
I call my car C-Rex; it's a Honda CRX. Someone else has named it Wash Me.
Slower Traffic Keep Right - Is that so difficult?
It is not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
An authority knows lots of things you don't care about.
Contractors outnumber permanent staff and are more likely to get awards for longevity of service.
I'm not loafing ... I work so fast I'm always finished.
It only rains straight down. God doesn't do windows.
There is luck in chess. My opponent was lucky that he was playing against an idiot.
And you didn't pay for air? And, you got trading stamps to boot?
If your voting could really change things, Congress would make it illegal.
Those who are at war with others are seldom at peace with themselves.
Economists are number crunchers who, if they had any charisma, would have become accountants.
I tried to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
A spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
Dwayne - cool guy to be around if you can handle his name.
How many times do I have to tell you rape pillage then burn.
Three - Plan ahead. It wasn't raining when Noah built the Ark.
I suspect all jokes were originally Irish, I like..
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.
Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns; he should be drawn and quoted.
It is generally inadvisable to eject directly over the area you just bombed.
Life is something to do when you cannot get to sleep.
As soon as you change lanes to a faster lane, it becomes the slowest lane.
I love you, you love me, let's hang Barney from a tree.
She said...What do you mean by coming home half drunk?
Adam to Eve : I'll wear the plants in this family!
The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out.
The great thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in which direction we are going.
If screwups were dollars, I'd be a millionaire!!
Your car never malfunctions or makes the same noise in front of your mechanic.
The best way to accelerate Windows is at -9.8 m/s^2.
Why is it called "rush hour" when everything moves so slow?
Public opinion is what people think other people are thinking.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
It is far better to be alone, than to wish you were.
I ran away as a child and they had to use all four sides of the milk carton.
Intensity of experience makes up for lack of goals.
Native American boy was talking to his mother one day.
It's all fun and games until some divine creature strikes you down with a bolt of lightning.
Work online with Netsong Servers Inc. Click icon for details.
Error #152 - Windows not found: (C)heer (P)arty (D)ance.
I have decided to devote my entire career to looking for a career.
Jesus saves, Allah forgives, Cthulhu thinks you'd make a nice sandwich.
Budgets help you worry before you spend money, as well as, afterward.
If you're not confused, you're not thinking clearly.
If only the good die young then what does that say about senior citizens?
Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
Praise can be your most valuable asset as long as you don't aim it at yourself.
Funny Stuff - Thought Funnies - But Wait - There's More!
Welcome to Westworld, where nothing can go wornggg.
Those who forget the pasta are condemned to reheat it.
There are two theories to arguing with a woman. Neither one works.
What does a vampire never order at a restaurant? A stake sandwich!
My advice: Eschew pompous platitudinous ponderosity.
To err is human. To really screw things up you need a computer.
If crime doesn't pay, does that mean my job is a crime?
Join the Army, travel to exciting new places, meet interesting new people, and kill them.
You know you're getting old when everything dries up or leaks.
Male.......Call it whatever you want just as long as we end up in bed.
It's not hard to meet expenses ... they're everywhere.
I wonder how you'd drive with that car phone shoved up your ass?
Husband Why do you wear a bra, you've got nothing to put in it?
Buy one, get one free? Does it have to be in that order?
I am an agnostic pagan. I doubt the existence of many gods.
The moment for calm and rational discussion is past; now is the time for senseless bickering.
After assembly, it will always be observed that the gasket is on the bench.
Great, the drunk exclaimed. When do we get started?
The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines. They gave him love and he invented marriage.
Teenagers express their burning desires to be different by dressing exactly alike.
Make a joyful noise (but deny it when smelled by others).
When I'm in a bad mood, it leaves a red mark on his forehead.
Twenty four beers in a case, 24 hours in a day...coincidence? I think not!
You know exactly how many days you've got left until you retire.
There's always room to merge behind a diesel bus.
One who has a clear conscience has a foggy memory.
Great fear come from martial art of Ignoriticness...For I am...Lao Zi!
We remain competitive by paying less than our competitors.
Cows steered into a bull market. Pencils lost a few points.
A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
A picture is worth a thousand words but it uses up a thousand times the memory.
Spin: encrypt the data holds, batton down thar security patches, argh thar be spyware abound.
Drive C: Error, (A)bort (R)etry (I)gnore (K)ick (S)cream?
A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery on a detour.
Our pleasures are imagined, but our griefs are all real.
He did say Cleared for final, didn't he?
Meeting - an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
My wife can't wrestle, but you should see her box.
Just got checked in. Everything prepared for your arrival tomorrow.
I'm waiting for opportunity to break the door down and force its way in.
How did the blonde explain how his helicopter crashed?
Adult: A person who has stopped growing at both ends and is now growing in the middle.
Predicting the future of technology is fraud with peril!
I wish I had been born rich instead of brilliant.
They should put pictures of criminals on postage stamps so the mailmen could look for them on their route.
Happiness is Bill Clinton's face on a milk carton.
The shortest distance between two points is how far apart they are.
Statistics show that the first team to score in sudden death overtime wins 100% of the time.
I have a map of the U.S. that's actual size. It says 1 mile = 1 mile.
Possessor of a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
I've got Parkinson's disease. And he's got mine.
The Co-Dependence Club..........Can I bring a friend?
Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Want to forget all your troubles? Wear tight shoes.
What is two and a half inches long, has 256 balls and fucks ducks?
A bum asked a man on the street for two dollars.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
Poor eyes limit your sight, poor vision limits your deeds.
What is listed as the hair colour on a drivers license of a bald headed man?
I have learned that the Lord didn't do it all in one day.
Good: Hot outdoor sex. Bad: You're arrested. Worse: By your husband.
If you make the same mistake more than twice, it is no longer a mistake, but a habit.
Guy: Are you kidding? Love drugs! You don't mean...
Why is it call "after dark" when it really is "after light"?
Genius does what it must, talent does what it can, and you had best do what you're told.
A system software crash will cause hardware to act strangely and the programmers will blame the customer engineer.
Laugh and the world laughs with you ...... Fart, and you stand alone.
A gentle stream can split a mountain, given enough time.
Six. One to kidnap the victim and five to write the ransom note.
Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.
If we learn by our mistakes, some of us are getting one hell of an education!
Let's skip the insults and get right down to your butt kicking!
If you get a new car for your spouse -- it'll be a great trade!
No matter how neutral the topic, your message will offend SOMEONE.
A Belgian stewardess fell in love with the automatic pilot.
When you make a mistake, you're an idiot, when your boss makes a mistake, he's only human...
Did you know that Hugh Grant had to go to Hospital for Medical treatment after his date with Ms Devine.
What's the point of being fascinatingly crazy if you don't enrich the world with it?
Kinky is using a feather, perverted is using the whole chicken.
Save your money for a rainy day, or a new computer!
Let's split up ... we can do more damage that way.
Famous last words - Don't worry, I can handle it.
The National Poetry Contest had come down to 2 semifinalists; a Yale graduate and a Newfoundlander.
A smile on your face can be felt on anothers heart.
If at first you don't succeed ...well, so much for sky diving.
Why do we press harder on remote control buttons when we know the battery is dead?
Experience is somthing you don't get until just after you need it.
Don[singlequote]t lend people money...it gives them amnesia.
How do Belgians play hide-and-seek? They cover their eyes.
A king size waterbed holds enough water to fill a 2000 sq foot house 4 inches deep.
Any line, wire, or cloth cut to length will be too short.
Julie - jabba the Hutt's sister, constantly pregnant.
If nothing sticks to teflon, how does it stick to the pan?
What do you call a person with leprosy in a bath tub? Stew.
There are fewer people than automobiles in Los Angeles.
Life is a bifurcated chaotic attractor-and then you die.
Don't play in the street - you might get that run down feeling.
God creates a worm for every bird - but He does not throw it in the nest.
When someone hurts me, I know that forgiveness is cheaper than a lawsuit, but not nearly as gratifying.
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
Motherhood: Another reason why we need God's constant help.
It was just the right size to cover up the hole in the front wall.
The only difference between fear and adventure is how much you breath.
The little boy again counted his coins. I'll have the plain ice cream, he said.
How can you avoid hurting someones feelings without being a liar?
Did you ever notice: When you put the 2 words The and IRS together it spells ......
You work so hard pedaling up the hill that you hate to brake on the way down.
Where are we going? And why are we in this handbasket?
You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself.
Simon - likes a night out with the lads and curries. Says he is the man but talks bollocks.
Never stick your head in a bag of angry squirrels.
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
Brad - thinks everyone likes him...but they don't.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you really understand the problem.
Join the Army. Be all you can be. Including dead.
IRELAND'S LARGEST SPERM BANK ROBBED EARLY THIS MORNING.
The probability of someone watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your actions.
Alibi: proof that you were in two places at once.
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
There's no fool like an old fool, 'cause he's experienced.
It's better to be an old fart than a young shit-head.
Sorry, I don't date outside my species. Eschew obfuscation.
The biggest, most wretched slob in three states, will always be standing one spot ahead of you in line.
They suggest I keep this "exercise diary" to chart my progress this week.
OUT TO LUNCH - If not back at five, OUT TO DINNER!
The bigger they are, the harder they fall. Also the harder they punch, kick and choke.
Smart is when you only believe half of what you hear.
If you dive into a pool of dry ice, can you swim without getting wet?
An American, and Englishman and a Frenchman were discussing a good example of savoir-faire.
Faith is the bird that sings while it is still dark.
This is a story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody and Nobody.
What do you call a group of Maltese women in the sauna?
Your first occasion to wear formal attire was a parade.
Guns don't kill people; death kills people. It's a proven medical fact.
You might be a Desi if, you talk to Americans as if you represent your whole country.
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
I have become of value to my fellow human beings as a bad example.
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
You save grocery bags, tin foil, and tin containers.
Where am I and what am I doing in this handbasket?
Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings; they did it by killing all those who opposed them.
Don't you see, he said. We are made from our dreams.
I want to be a veterinarian because I love children.
I won't say Jim is egotistical, but he does take bad weather as a personal insult.
If you're not the solution, you're the precipitate.
When fastening down something held by several screws, don't tighten any of them until they're all in place.
Germs attack people where they are weakest. This explains the number of head colds.
None. It should be opened by the time she brings it to the couch.
Gun Exchange programs would work great if they gave you a gun when you handed in a criminal!
If a cow laughs really hard, does milk come out its nose?
If you find a four-leaf clover, it means you have entirely too much time on your hands.
I'm the bastard that drives slow in the left lane.
What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.
I need to be born AGAIN? No, *I* got it right the first time...
The telephone pole was approaching. I was attempting to swerve out of its way when it struck my front end.
She's mercifully free of the ravages of intelligence.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels good.
Upon advice of counsel, my bumper bears no message at this time.
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynaecologist?
I don't have to take this abuse from you ... I've got hundreds of people waiting to abuse me.
I shall never move quickly, except to avoid more work or find excuses.
Beware of a half truth; you may be getting the wrong half.
I bet a lot of mimes choke to death because nobody believes they're really choking.
If Webster wrote the first dictionary, where did he find the words?
Unloading augers break only when the combine bin is completely full.
Treat each day as your last, one day you will be right.
Why do we always want to grow up when we're young and be younger when we're old?
System analysis is the process of finding exactly the right wrench to pound in the required screw.
When you go to McDonald's, they give you your usual table.
Liberals achieve fairness by spreading misery around.
The eyes are the second thing to go...I forget the first...
Observe the face of the wife to know the husband's character.
If you stand in one place long enough, you make a line.
The real objective of a committee isn't to reach a decision but to avoid it.
The English man walked around the stadium and saw a pole lying on the ground and picked it up.
Four years ago . . . no, it was yesterday. Today I . . . No, that wasn't me. Sometimes I . . . No, I don't.
I thought my window was down, but I found it was up when I put my head through it.
A motivational sign at work: The beatings will continue until morale improves.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Your dad walks you to school because you are both in the same grade.
The referee will always be looking the other way when you score.
The attitude within is more important than the circumstances without.
If you love a good joke, this is the place for you.
The only sweating and heavy breathing I do anymore is during aerobics.
We are NOT surrounded. We are in a target-rich environment.
I've always wanted to work in the Department of Redundancy Department.
On the very first question of the debate, he attempts to use a LIFELINE.
The best way to get a man to do something is to suggest they are too old for it.
Frisbyterian: when you die, your soul goes up on the roof.
The grocery store always gets a fresh shipment immediately after you buy your food for the week.
Nothing is foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Please use your browser's back button to return from whence you came.
You frequently get honked at by those stupid American drivers who think they know how to drive.
By the time a man finds greener pastures he's too old to climb the fence.
Time is Nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen all at once.
Observing the baby one night a wife found her husband standing over their baby's crib. Silently she watched him.
Sometimes it costs more to do nothing than to do something.
I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Honest Officer, the dwarf was on fire when I got here.
A photographic memory with the lens over the cap.
When a clock is hungry, it goes back four seconds.
You don't have to stop and think of which way to turn a nut on a bolt.
That place is so crowded, nobody goes there anymore.
How can you identify Dolly Parton's kids at a party?
Everything coming your way? You're going the wrong way!
Confucius say...Couple on 7 day honeymoon make hole weak.
The speed with which components become obsolete is directly proportional to the price of the component.
To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American.
A modern pioneer is a woman who can get through a rainy Saturday with a television on the blink.
Don[singlequote]t be so open minded that your brain falls out.
Who is General failure and why is he reading my disk ?
Even Popeye didn't eat his spinach until he absolutely had to.
We defend out rights with four boxes: Soap, Ballot, Jury, Cartridge.
A person with horse sense is a person with a stable mind.
Nothing can dim the beauty that shines from within.
Some marriages are made in heaven, but they ALL have to be maintained on earth...
I am *not* paranoid! Which of my enemies told you that?
Error locating MAFIA.EXE - program not executed.
What goes clop, clop, clop, bang, bang, clop clop clop?
Winning isn't everything. Winning and gloating and rubbing their noses in it...that's everything!
Then I went outside and saw a sign that said compact cars.
The only real difference between an oral and rectal thermometer is the taste.
He who stands in corner with hands in pocket doesn't feel crazy, feels nuts.
Three days of testing can save 10 minutes reading manuals.
Did you hear about the new Chinese Cookbook being sold only at pet stores?
Administrators are an example of why some animals eat their young.
When the lights are out, all women are beautiful.
You cut classes or miss work soyou can stay home and browse the web.
I don't have to walk my dog anymore. I walked him all at once.
A good exercise for the heart is to bend down and help another up.
You might be a Desi if, your dinner involves spreading newspaper on the living room floor.
I only use de-oudourant under one arm, so I know what I would have smelled of.
The upper crust is just a bunch of crumbs clinging together.
If another guy shows up at the party in the same outfit, you just might become lifelong friends.
If a Buddhist refused Novocain from his dentist during root canal work, would he transcend dental medication?
My friend told me he doesn't believe in superstition. He says that would be bad luck.
I promise the next time we get attacked by monkeys on an escalator, I will save you.
If it is available, the most important page will be torn out.
History only repeats itself because nobody listened the first time.
Beam me up Scotty there is no intelligent life down here.
Be moderate where pleasure is concerned, avoid fatigue.
The seam you meant to rip out is invariably the other one.
What's the difference between an Irish Wedding and an Irish Funeral?
Tell the truth and you won't have so much to remember.
The remaining work to finish in order to reach your goal increases as the deadline approaches.
Errare e' umano, ma per incasinare tutto serve un PC.
The most intelligent people we know are those who ask advice.
I wouldn't want to belong to any club that would have me as a member.
The probability of diarrhea increases with the square of the thistle content of the local vegetation.
Welfare: A policy that promotes laziness and bastardy.
Why are there flotation devices in the seats of planes instead of parachutes?
Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
What if people bought cars like they buy computers?
Very young children might misunderstand some jokes.
Two signs from a Majorcan shop entrance: English well talking. Here speeching American.
Why is there a light in the fridge and not in the freezer?
Help us to make this the biggest on-line collection by emailing us your favourite tagline.
Three engineering students were discussing the possible designers of the human body.
Chickens: The only animals you eat before they are born and after they are dead.
Would a fly that loses it wings be called a walk?
The Weakest Link: What "W" is the capital of Poland ?
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody is looking.
Duncan - hopeless ski bum, brains shot away long ago.
No animal ever invented anything as bad as drunkenness - or as good as drink.
Do you have an oxymoron you would like to contribute to this section?
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it and put it back in your pocket.
Life is a yo-yo and mankind keeps tying knots in the string.
The past always looks better now than it did when it was here.
Everyone is gifted, it's just that some open the package sooner.
Programming graphics in X is like finding sqrt(pi) using Roman numerals.
Don't let your yearnings get ahead of your earnings.
Everyone loves a good mystery, and cats are no exception, particularly when they're responsible for it.
If you learn from your mistakes, then why ain't I a genius?
Warning: This page may be offensive to some people, and for that I apologise in advance.
I get plenty of exercise by jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck and dodging deadlines.
The simplest explanation is that it just doesn't make sense.
You should learn from your parents mistakes - try using some birth control.
System Update: A quick method of trashing ALL of your software.
Any minimum criteria set will be the maximum value used.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead-to-know basis.
Question: If you could live forever, would you and why?
The trouble with living alone is that it's always your turn to do the dishes.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything but sufficient for nothing.
An optimist laughs to forget..A pessimist forgets to laugh.
Many things can be preserved in alcohol. Dignity is not one of them.
Welcome to the humor section where we'll try to make you laugh, but will probably make you cry.
By Elizabeth Taylor: Fat And Depressed? Write A Book About It!
Confidence: the feeling a person has before he fully understands the situation.
Do not meddle in the affairs of dragons because, to them, you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup.
You might be a Desi if, you have Rin (detergent soap cake) in your bathroom.
You can lead a horse to water, but, a pencil must be lead.
Where are we going and what am I doing in this handbasket?
Now remember: rape, pillage, and burn. And for Thor's sake, let's get the order right this time!
How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper?
I don't know but it must be great - I didn't understand it at all.
If you ask her to do something she doesn't enjoy, that's domination.
CLICK HERE TO SEE THE AMAZING FLASH MAYNARD MOVIE PAGE.
Mother said there would be days like this, but she never said there would be so many.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else still thinks your an ass hole.
I'm old enough to know better but I'm still to young to care.
LAW 11: Golf carts always run out of juice at the farthest point from the clubhouse.
Antonio - has a great body and beautiful skin, and chicken brain.
Light at end of tunnel will be out until further notice.
Each day the world turns over on someone who was just sitting on top of it.
You have to watch out for yourself, because nobody else is going to. Especially during dodgeball.
Abstinence is a good thing if practiced in moderation!!!
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
Some mornings it is not worth chewing thru the leather straps....
When everybody is somebody, then nobody is anybody.
The other software engineer said, "Good move! Her clothes wouldn't have fit you anyway!
Power Corrupts... Absolute Power is kind of neat!
Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not haate it.
NEWSFLASH - Earthquake in Pakistan...20,000 dead...US sending cash, Australia sending food, Britain sending replacement Pakis.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe it can achieve.
Law of Window Cleaning: It's always on the other side.
Why don't "minimalists" find a shorter name for themselves?
The trouble with doing something right first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
April's the month when the green returns to the lawn, the lilac, and the IRS.
When your life shatters into a million pieces, pick up the pieces, grab some glue, and make a new one.
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
A blind man was standing outside when a dog came up to him.
Shakespeare invented the word 'assassination' and 'bump'.
Imagination without learning is like having wings but no feet.
If you think yesterday was a drag, just wait until you see tomorrow!
You have to hold onto the lawn to keep from falling off the earth.
Veni, Vidi, VCR -- I came, I saw, I videotaped it.
What happens if you get half scared to death twice?
I don't use my conscience as my guide...it's more of a creative consultant.
If a book about failure doesn't sell, is it a success?
The evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Men show their character best by the things they laugh at.
I wish my inferiority complexes were as good as yours.
Have you ever noticed how nothing is impossible for those who don't have to do it?
The technical name for lack of eye-hand coordination: fumbliopia.
I was such an ugly baby...My mother never breastfed me.
Why did they have to call off the lepers hockey game?
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
Welcome to Shit Creek~ Sorry we're out of paddles.
AAAAA: American Association Against Alliteration Abuse.
I took lessons in bicycle riding, but I could afford only half the lessons. Now I can ride a unicycle.
Inflation: Cutting money in half without damaging the paper.
A cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
The personnel manager was impressing the applicant with the prospective job.
If you receive something that says "Send this to everyone you know," PLEASE pretend you don't know me.
How many letters in the Alphabet? 19, cuz ET went home on a UFO and the FBI went after him.
Why do we have hot water heaters? Isn't hot water already hot?
U good at math? Well, add a bed, subtract ur cloths, divide ur legs and we can multiply!
Hefty Cleft (or Horse's Collar, or Welly Top): Description of a very large vagina.
A sadist is a person who does kind things to a masochist.
When someone says, "Do you want my opinion?" - it's always a negative one.
Just remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
The lock will stop working the minute the locksmith leaves.
Life is like a dog-sled team. If you arent the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
If reality wants to reach me it knows where I am.
Warning: Belief in strange ideas does not guarantee that strange ideas will believe in you.
Toshiba: Toss out silly hardware incompabilities. Buy Apple.
Why do bachelors like smart women? Because they're so rare.
BBC's The Enemy Within; Which of the seven Wonders of the Ancient World would you have found in Babylon ?
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you a mechanic.
Of course not, Peter. I'm too busy growing strawberries!
The best thing to hold onto in this world is each other.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Isn't the best way to save face to keep the lower part shut?
The incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is.
When I was born, I was so surprised I couldn't talk for a year and a half.
According to the World Book, is it okay to freeze your persimmons?
The good ones are always taken. Free ones are mostly handicapped or extremely small.
If you're not enraged, you're not paying attention.
If it ain't broke, fix it anyway just to screw it up!
Did you hear about the dyslexic pimp who bought a warehouse?
Maikal: Baaas, yeh aadmi to kuch bol hi nahin raha hai. Kya karen?
Steve was shocked, and said, What an incredibly observant young man.
Tis better to be thought a fool, then to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
When you hear a kind word spoken about a friend, tell her so.
If you receive something that says "Send this to all your friends", please consider me not your friend.
Followup Question: And what do you call the Israeli troops shooting the missile?
Neither one can be depended on and they both move too fast.
The tongue weighs practically nothing, but so few people are able to hold it.
This message transmitted on 100% recycled electrons.
Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back. This is what I'm doing wrong.
Catch a moth and play with it until it is almost dead. Eat one wing. Leave the rest to die.
A dog is man's best friend because he wags his tail, not his tongue.
Keep your ideals high enough to inspire you and low enough to encourage you.
Boys will be boys, but one day all girls will be women.
Moses went up on Mount Cyanide to get the ten commandments.
The perfect woman of course, the other two are figments of the imagination.
THE ARMY does it 24 hours a day, 365 days a year...
Help you out? Certainly. Which way did you come in?
The government which fears arms in the hands of its people...should.
If at first you don't succeed, look in the trash for the instructions.
Mouse Potato - The on-line, wired generation's answer to the couch potato.
The ladder of success is easier to climb when laid flat.
Macho law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening ... but this wasn't it.
Auto mechanics - Two. One to screw in the wrong-sized bulb and one to replace the burned-out socket.
Dachshunds are really small crocodiles with fur.
Where does a one armed man shop? At a second hand store!
Staring into the jaws of the Dragon one quickly learns wisdom.
If you are the phone company, I already sent the money.
You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you odd.
The company made me a scapegoat, just like my three previous employers.
Women don't make fools of men - most of them are the do-it-yourself types.
In America, it's not how much an item costs that matters, it's how much you save.
IN PRISON......There are wardens who are often sadistic.
Warning: I intentionally run over small, furry animals.
You find your self singing along with elevator music.
Tact: Remembering a woman's birthday but forgetting her age.
He who never sticks out neck, never wins by nose.
If Kitty Carlisle married Conway Twitty, shed be Kitty Twitty.
If you want to know the meaning of life, look in the dictionary!
I only do what the voices in my head tell me to...
A quick registration and then Family Feud other games online for Free!
Just because I'm wandering, doesn't mean I'm lost.
I'm not speeding officer i'm just driving my car.
There are two theories to arguin with a woman; neither one works.
Its all fun and games until somebody looses an eye, then its just fun.
Psychiatrists say that 1 in 4 people is mentally ill. Check three friends. If they're OK, it's you.
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
The fellow who blows his horn the loudest is usually in the biggest fog.
One of them replies, 'There was a sheep here a few minutes ago , but he jumped down that well'.
The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating people to approach printed matter with distrust.
Help a man when he is in trouble and he will remember you when he is in trouble again.
If you got into a taxi and he started driving backwards, would the taxi driver end up owing you money?
Broadmindedness is highmindedness flattened out by experience. -Clipper, Lexington Nebr.
The two most common elements are hydrogen and stupidity.
The most useless computer tasks are the most fun to do.
Click the related link to send a joke to a friend by email.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
Where in the nursery rhyme does it say Humpty Dumpty is an egg?
Observation: I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.
You are what you eat. So stay away from the jerk chicken.
If a beer is brewed with yeast, it is still edible.
To think too long about doing a thing, often becomes its undoing.
Men who listen to classical music tend not to spit.
Television is to media what hydrogen bombs are to explosives.
I got a Harley for my wife. Good trade don't ya think.
MS-DOS causes deafness and hair loss when used by laboratory rats.
Ever wonder why skinny people are more popular? Yep...Easier to kidnap.
Wellhung: I've got a pubic hair caught in my throat. I'm choking.
Bright red meat is good for you. Fuzzy green meat is not good for you.
She fell out of the ugly tree - and hit every branch on the way down.
The pharmacist promptly reaches out and slaps the man's face.
Chicken heads are the chief food of captive alligators.
Good: You came home for a quickie. Bad: Your wife walks in.
The world gets a little better every day, and worse in the evening.
He thinks that nobody important is out to get him.
Error: Problem exists between keyboard and chair.
Stoplights timed for 30 mph are also timed for 60 mph.
The Imperial Roman war chariots were made just wide enough to accommodate the back ends of two war-horses.
Virginia: Who Says Government Stiffs and Slackjaw Yokels Don't Mix?
A dropped wrench will always end up exactly 1/2 inch beyond your reach.
Am I good at delegating? You Bet! I always find someone to blame!
Remember when Windows were washed, mice were trapped, and UNIX guarded the harem?
The weight in a backpack can never remain uniformly distributed.
I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada.
Education - Jewish/Israeli Universities, Schools, Programs, etc...
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
Why are they called apartments when they are together.
My wife keeps complaining I never listen to her ... or something like that.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Fall is my favorite season in Los Angeles, watching the birds change color and fall from the trees.
Nostalgia: The good old days multiplied by a bad memory...
OK, who put a "stop payment" on my reality check?
From Laugh Lift (http://www.egroups.com/group/laughlift).
Are you harboring a fugitive? -- Hu Yu Hai Ding?
Atheist: A man with no invisible means of support.
Spinach is a food, too. It is better than nothing, but worse than everything.
Women! Can't live with them, can't live with them!
Jury: Twelve people who determine which client has the best lawyer.
Help Wanted: Telepath . . . you know where to apply.
How can you tell which kid on a playground is the child of a trombonist?
Who says nothing is impossible, I have been doing nothing for years.
If corn oil comes from corn where does baby oil come from?
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
My driving teacher had a pitchfork he wasn't a farmer.
Money is an excellent servant, but a horrible master.
If God wanted me to touch my toes he would have put them on my knees.
If you can read this..*SCREECH* then expect a call from my lawyer.
It doesn't matter what temperature a room is - it's always room temperature.
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
You are richer today if you have laughed, given or forgiven.
He was more tense than Jesse Jackson on Father's Day.
When a cowboy's too old to set a bad example, he hands out good advice.
A woman comes out of the bushes apparently searching for her lost golf ball.
Inside every older person is a younger person wondering what happened.
EVEN IF YOU'RE ONE IN A MILLION, THERE ARE 6,000 PEOPLE IN THE WORLD JUST LIKE YOU.
Life can be only understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
Tell me what you believe and I'll tell you where you're going wrong.
Three lengths of string decide to go out for a drink.
We have engaged the Borg. The wedding will be Friday.
I have no problem keeping secrets. It's the people I tell...
It is easier to ask for forgiveness than for permission...
If such a program has not crashed yet, it is waiting for a critical moment before it crashes.
OK Scotty, detonate and energize NOW! No, wait, I mean.......
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances.
The longer a man is wrong, the surer he is that he's right.
A halo has only to fall a few centimeters to become a noose.
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring,and good-looking?
Security is a game but the final goal is never reached.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
He is the most sensible looking man talking nonsense.
Larry LaPrise, the Detroit native who wrote the song Hokey Pokey died at age 83.
How do you get a one-armed Irishman down from a pole?
The best way to get on your feet is to get off your ass!
I've decided to give our church the $500 a month I used to send to TV evangelists.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common They should both be changed regularly and for the same reason.
It said Insert disk 3... but only 2 fit in the drive.
Play a well known drum cadence over and over again on your butt cheeks.
Tabloid: A newspaper with a permanent crime wave.
I used to work at a health food store. I got fired for drinking straight Bosco on the job.
Just when you think you've won the rat race along come faster rats.
Davina - drug induced mental damage, should shave her neck.
What do an anniversary and a toilet have in common?
What do you get when you toss a hand grenade into a kitchen in France?
Grasshoppotamus: A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.
There are two things no man will admit he cannot do well: drive and make love.
The Groucho Marx club?..........You bet your life.
She put lipstick on her forehead because she wanted to makeup her mind.
Never go to sea with two chronometers, take one or three.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Why is it called a "permanent" when women have to get one all the time?
A record of data is essential. It indicates you have been working.
You have to wonder about humans, they think God is dead and Elvis is alive!
Buy a supscription to Playboy and send it to your boss' wife.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
The trouble with life is the lack of cool background music.
If a vegetable goes into a coma, is it called a person?
Shopping tip: Shoes for $0.85 at the bowling alley.
Help! I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
Children need love, especially when they don't deserve it.
Radio 2; Which is the largest rodent in North America ?
The meek will inherit the earth - they won't have the nerve to turn it down.
Lot's wife was a pillar of salt by day, but a ball of fire by night.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on icy pavement.
Why can't life's big problems come when we are twenty and know everything?
Cats know how we feel. They don't give a damn, but they know.
I saw the Exorcist three times. Don't know what posessed me.
Just because your not paranoid doesn't mean their not out to get you.
The sad thing about Windows bashing is it's all true.
People who need people are people who don't realize just how annoying people can be.
Shannon - the most determined and persevering sweetie in the world.
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
Basically we were in fear for our lives, but it wasn't because of drive-by shootings, drugs, gangs, etc.
On the edge of a precipice, only a fool does cartwheels.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom.
It's a thankless job, but I've got a lot of Karma to burn off.
The pastor asked him if he would allow him to take him for a little ride.
Then he drew hiss word. Sorry. Then he drew his sword.
Most car accidents occur within five miles of home, so why not move ten miles away?
If you think you have no faults, that makes one.
All requests for sick leave must be approved two weeks in advance.
Never go in the water after a full meal, you won't find it there.
Hi: I found it on the rack. I just want to buy it.
Excuse me while I crouch down here 'ahint my asbestos shield...
Walking in to work this morning I saw a sign that said "Charlotte Mews".
If you arent making waves, you arent kicking hard enough.
Baltimore is ~260 miles from New Haven, and no cicadas in sight while you're in graduate school. Enough said.
Well, why don"t you nibble on some of my droppings?" replied the bull. "They"re packed with nutrients".
Registered Trademark of the Eveready Battery Company, Inc.
Thousands of years ago, cats were worshiped as gods. Cats have never forgotten this.
You will get what's coming to you....Unless they mailed it.
Warning! Humor may be hazardous to your depression!
Why do they call it "Tourist Season" when we can't shoot them?
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Don't ever stand up to be counted or someone will take your seat.
When I want your advice, I'll beat it out of you!
If you spin an oriental man in a circle three times does he become disoriented?
Never trust a prescription that has only one pill in it.
Too many people confuse free speech with loose talk.
One is a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other is a fish.
Welcome to the Church of the Holy Cabbage. Lettuce pray.
Remember that half the people you know are below average.
To attract a vegetarian, make a noise like a wounded vegetable.
I've got to sit down and work out where I stand.
Confucius say: Everyone has a photographic memory. Not everyone has film.
It is not how busy you are, but why you are busy- the bee is praised, the mosquito is swatted.
The clock in the instructor's room will be wrong.
Most complex structures found in the world are enormously redundant.
Heck is where people go who do not believe in Gosh.
He throws it on the floor to see if it looks good.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
There are 10 types of people in this world. Those who understand binary and those who don't.
A father, son, and grandfather go out to play a round of golf.
You must believe in free will; there is no choice.
What I don't want is WITYWIWYG - "What I Think You Want Is What You Get".
The air conditioning breaks down on the hottest day of the year.
Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off.
Refer a friend or remind yourself to check out this page!
Education is the progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Best viewed at 800x600 resolution with Internet Explorer 6, Netscape 6 or Mozilla 2 or higher.
To err is human, to blame it on someone else is more human.
Quasimodo is running along a street being chased by a pack of children.
WARNING! Removal of this tagline prohibited by law!
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
In the beginning, there was nothing, which exploded.
Life not only begins at forty, it also begins to show.
Wisdom comes with age. Death comes with age. Therefore, wisdom is dangerous.
A person who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit.
Four color theorem: Leonardo could have painted the Mona Lisa with only four colors.
My husband and I divorced over religious differences. He thought he was God and I didn't!
Did you hear about the insomniac, neurotic, agnostic dyslexic? He stayed up all night worrying about the existence of Dog.
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
If you plan to leave your mark in the sands of time, you better wear work shoes.
Outside of a dog, man's best friend is a good book.
Bodies in motion tend to remain in motion. Bodies at rest tend to remain in bed.
How did the forest birds and squirrels feel as the logger cut down the trees?
I'm planning to be more spontaneous in the future.
Turns slightly green when placed next to a better specimen.
The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
Amana washer $100. Owned by clean bachelor who seldom washed.
While money can't buy happiness it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal, if you don't use your thumbs.
If 7-11 is open 24-7 and 365 days a year why do they have locks on their doors?
The problem with taking the easy way out is that the enemy has already mined it .
Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist? He sold his soul to Santa.
The person who knows how to laugh at himself will never cease to be amused.
Sign posted in a bathroom: We aim to please! You aim too! Please!
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball Cough! Choke! Gag! etc. etc.
Hence, a bed with big posts and a sheet hung over the top afforded some protection.
In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes.
Misery no longer loves company; nowadays it insists on it.
People say that I'm paranoid. At least that's what I think they say.
A short and cute one for all of us who are tired of hearing stock market reports...
They offered to send over Monica Lewinsky to suck out all the seamen!
Learn from your parents mistake - use birth control.
The human small intestine if straightened out and measured with a ruler would no longer work properly.
Ohio: Where men are men and the sheep are..... SCARED!
A penny for your thoughts, twenty bucks to act them out!
Windows 3.1 - The best $89 solitaire game you can buy.
Disney World - a people trap operated by a mouse.
If it is worth doing, it is worth doing for money.
Could you be arrested for selling 'illegal-sized' paper?
Murphy's Law holds no more than eighty percent of the time. Unfortunately, it is impossible to predict when.
Life is like a ladder, the higher you climb, the more expansive your view is.
Do I believe in the Bible? Hell Man, I've seen one!
Heaven doesn't want me, and hell is afraid I'll take over.
You can't board the plane unless you have the exact change.
A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
Try to stick a Ninetendo cartridge into the 3 1/2 disc drive, when it doesn't work, get the supervisor.
Keptin, our komputer vas inficted vith the Vindows wirus!
We want more female train drivers - a women has a right to choo-choose.
Luke - seems to be sweet. bit of a tosser though.
The client who pays the least always complains the most.
What do you do if you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant?
In your toughest final, the most distractingly attractive student in class will sit next to you for the first time.
Do not meddle in the affairs of cats, for they are subtle and will piss on your computer.
Looks aren't everything. It's what's inside you that really matters. A biology teacher told me that.
Grammar has gots to be one of the most importantest things ever?
For all soldiers: Remember your equipment was made by the lowest bidder.
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
A broken bone can heal, but the wound a word opens can fester forever.
Well over 1000 taglines were published in the 28 original RAH issues.
Miller's Law of Insurance: Insurance covers everything except what happens.
They have no idea that Americans were ever held hostage in Iran.
There's one thing good about being poor - its inexpensive.
By mail: Bob Levey, The Washington Post, Washington, D.C. 20071.
Why is it that you must wait until night to call it a day?
And he yelled to his team, but it didn't sound right.
Did you hear about the blind man who picked up a hammer and saw?
I came real close to seeing Elvis, then my shovel broke.
Is Dan Quayle's name spelled with an "e" on the end?
I demand a complete and total absence of solid facts!
Why do people recite at a play and play at a recital?
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a bad example.
Your slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.
Kate - talks complete bollocks all the time, scavenger.
Ghazanfar daasht namaaz mikhoond ke ye Gorbeh az jellosh rad misheh. Turkeh hol misheh va ba sedaye boland migeh, PISHMILLAHERAHMANERAHEEM.
Clothes make the man; naked people have little or no influence on society.
Jesus SAVES! Jordon gets the rebound, he shoots, he SCORES!
What do you call a pig that weighs more than 150 pounds?
True multitasking, 3 PC's and a chair with wheels.
Math illiteracy affects eight out of every five people.
Spring: When anglers get that faraway lake in their eyes.
Kirk to Enterprise, Kirk to Enterprise! DAMN, it's BUSY!
She was captured, sent to prison and never saw her husband or her home again.
Decisions were made by going eeny-meeny-miney-moe?
Pratt Whitney spokesperson explaining why the company charged the Air Force nearly $1,000 for an ordinary pair of pliers.
Past experience is always true, do not be mislead by present facts.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today. There might be a law against it by that time.
Your house plants are alive, and you can't smoke any of them.
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
Sweetheart: In the cabinet to the right of the sink.
Your mouth is probably a whole lot bigger'n you think.
I've never had a problem with drugs; I've had problems with the police.
A Transvestite: A guy who likes to eat, drink and be Mary!
I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying!
Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue.
If you need to count your money, you're not really all that rich.
Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly, fast sheep.
What has a mobile phone and a clitoris got in common?
I'm multitasking... I'm reading in the bathroom.
It's morally wrong to allow naive end users to keep their money.
You pack a suitcase full of toilet paper when visiting India.
Little girls eventually become young women. Little boys have the job for life!
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
I don't want to have to support another person on my paycheck.
The more things change, the more they remain insane.
Last week I went to a furniture store to look for a decaffeinated coffee table. They couldn't help me.
Why is it that the word "gullible" isn't in the dictionary?
If you are given two contradictory orders, obey them both.
The Englishman pushed his beer away from him in disgust.
Exasperated, the driver raced his engine. "You don't know very much, do you?" he said.
Curious, the men agree to consult a music scholar.
Why is it called "rush hour" if it's so damn slow?
The only winner of the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape.
VCR's do not eject PBsandwiches even though TV commercials show they do.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
When she told me I was average, I figured she was just being mean.
How can you prove you're not crazy to people who are?
I don't mind going out on a limb -- that's where all the fruit is.
Why experiment on animals with so many lawyers out there?
Recent studies show that recent studies are meaningless.
There's nothing more restful than taking orders from fools.
Woman who pounce on dead rooster go down on limp cock.
You know the expression, "Don't quit your day job?" Well what do you say to people that work nights?
When I was a child I was told anyone could become President. I'm beginning to believe it.
Miser: A person who lives poor so that he can die rich.
Everyone has a right to be stupid. Some just abuse the privilege.
Daniel - enjoys root vegetables in every orifice, highly homosexual.
If you ate both pasta and antipasto, would you still be hungry?
Just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
FAULT: You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
Randy Stulce, Cedar Hammock Fire-Rescue,Bradenton, Florida.
There is nothing more practical than a good theory.
Jane was not in the least bit concerned when Tarzan brought it to her attention.
Whose cruel idea was it for the word "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
Adam and Eve were the first people on earth............Did they have belly buttons?
Eternal nothingness is fine if you're dressed for it.
Please don't hit me I'm a pedestrian trapped in a car.
Here's life's important questions. Just don't expect any answers!!
Jacob (age 92) and Rebecca (age 85) are all excited about their decision to get married.
Why would a wood chuck want to chuck wood in the first place?
As I learn the innermost secrets of people around me, they reward me in many ways to keep me quiet.
The horse stopped with a jerk-- and the jerk fell off!
You can get as drunk on water as you can on land.
It is when we forget ourselves that we do things that are most likely to be remembered.
Just to be safe, I installed a fire alarm on the ceiling of my car.
Being miserable because of a bad or former relationship just proves that the other person was right about you.
To signal the end of a conversation, clamp your hands over your ears and grimace.
The bursting radius of a hand grenade is always one foot greater than your jumping range.
What's white and sticky and moves quickly across the floor?
Crazy people go through life by following the psycho path.
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time.
Here's the guide to calorie-burning activities and the number of calories per hour they consume.
Why call it a building if it's already been built?
I'm looking nice, my shadow's looking nice...What a team!
WELLHUNG: Now I`m unbuttoning your blouse. My hands are trembling. I`m taking hold of your blouse and sliding it off.
We treat this world of ours as though we had a spare in the trunk.
It's important to pay close attention in school - for years I thought that bears masturbated all winter.
I didn't invent Sin, I'm just trying to perfect it.
Weight Watchers will meet at 7PM at First Presbyterian Church. Please use large double door at the side entrance.
The farthest we can currently see into space is 14 billion light years.
A Nobel Peace Prize? I would KILL for one of those.
No one is around, so he starts searching for the source.
He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
That's inches away from being millimeter perfect.
The following "wisdom from grandma" came over the internet; hope you enjoy!
Why do the signs that say "Slow Children' have a picture of a running child?
Better to be occasionally cheated than perpetually suspicious.
Computers aren't intelligent. They just think they are.
Definition of Divorce: The future tense of marriage.
The light at the end of the tunnel is an oncoming train.
How much capital gain per share does the CEO make by exercising his stock options at $80?
When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate. When in charge, ponder.
The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune.
They call her 'Appendix'................If you take her out once, that's enough.
There are many intelligent species in the universe ... they are all owned by cats.
I voted for Change! And that's all I've got left.
If you Take too Long in deciding what to do with your life You'll find you've done it.
An Irishman joins Alcoholics Anonymous so he can drink under an assumed name...
Copyright @ 2004 Retirement With A Purpose, a ministry of Campus Crusade for Christ.
A cat immersed in milk will displace her own volume, minus the amount of milk consumed.
Professor: one who talks in someone else's sleep.
Ego: Something which enables people to bear living with themselves.
Conscious is being aware of something; conscience is wishing you weren't.
Shaun - bit of a hard bastard, thinks women love him.
Why do we act like we know what someones talking about when we have no idea?
The past should be a mental springboard, not a hammock.
I don't think Mr. Ranger is gonna like this, Yogi...
A man went into a grocery store, got 3 cans of dog food, and walked up to the checkout counter.
A man without God is like a fish without a bicycle.
He who is most concerned is always the last to hear.
Well as it happens I am, says our piece of string.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
Hex Dump: Place for witches to get rid of used curses.
I've never had major knee surgery on any other part of my body.
Sign up for PayPal and start accepting credit card payments instantly.
Hydrogen and Stupidity - the two most common elements.
Show me a famous composer's liquor cabinet, and I'll show you Beethoven's Fifth.
He's dead, Jim. You grab his wallet, I'll grab his tricorder.
If at first you do succeed - try not to look astonished!
Flashlight - A case in which to hold dead batteries.
God is my co-pilot, but the Devil is my bombardier.
Television - a medium. So called because it is neither rare nor well-done.
Horrible bug encountered. God knows what happened.
I think we met in a past life and you were a dipstick then too.
No! NO! Not THAT! Anything but that! Not the beep! No! Please! Not the beep! Anything but the beep! AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I used to get high on life, but I built up a tolerance.
Vital papers demonstrate their vitality by moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
The more you complain, the longer God lets/makes you live.
Why will a woman rarely make a fool of a man? - Most of them are the do-it-yourself types.
For your wife's birthday you gave her a new CD-ROM drive or a PalmPilot.
Trust everybody in the game, but always cut the cards.
How can you make a french horn sound like a trombone?
When at loss for the right word to say ... try silence.
Why is it that people have noses that run and feet that smell? Are they built upside down?
How do New Zealand farmers find their sheep in long grass?
The fridge light DOES go out. Now let me out of here!!!!
Waterproof clothing isn't. (However, it is 100% effective at containing sweat).
EB: Normal procedure, Lieutenant, is to jump 200 feet in the air and scatter oneself over a wide area.
Automobile - A mechanical device that runs up hills and down people.
Hey, here's an episode of "Hee Haw" that we haven't seen.
The laborer is only worthy of his hire if his labor is.
He's so big that when he goes to a restaurant, he looks at the menu and says okay!.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
Polaroid: What a polar bear gets from sitting on ice.
Complete with the stereotypes that made this country great.
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve it's dignity.
The only weapon that becomes sharper with constant use is the tongue.
Graduate of the Darth Vader School of Personnel Management.
Stress: When your gut says no and your mouth says yes.
You will be the highest qualified employee in years.
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
A conclusion is reached when you run out of ideas.
Why glue my bills together? It's a mail bonding ritual.
HOW CAN A STRANGER TELL IF TWO PEOPLE ARE MARRIED?
Cogito, ergo Hormel - I think, therefore I Spam.
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves than not speak of ourselves at all.
TeeStains.com - The only place you have to PAY to get a dirty stain on your T-shirt...
Those who can, do. Those who can't hire others to.
Life is spent between episodes of women being mad at you.
Without hesitating, the dean selects infinite wisdom.
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
Don't honk, it spoils the surprise when you hit me.
Paper clips are the larval stage of coat hangers.
I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends call it.
Why is it that if you leave the room, you're elected?
These adds were also purpoted to have actually been printed, but there is no guarantee of the fact.
The only stupid question is the question you don't ask.
Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.
Your choice about Jesus affects all other choices.
If Gutenberg had only had a computer and printer, he may never have gotten the Bible printed.
I bet you have never seen a plumber bite his nails.
The most exhilarating thing in life is to be shot at, without result. - W.
If Rotty starts humping your leg, let it finish.
If you are driving the speed of light and turn your lights on, does anything happen?
The time is always right to do what is right. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
I want to be like barbie... That b**ch has everything.
Justine- massive tits, likes hanging around men's toilets.
Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2 to 6 years of age.
The pastor insisted on driving her home, that was the least he could do.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
Support your local thieve's guild ... Leave your doors unlocked.
The carburetor gets fouled with pollutants and other matter, making it hard to get started in the morning.
True friendship comes when silence between two people is comfortable.
Life is cheap. It's the accessories that kill you.
Random access is the optimum of the mass storages.
Why is there an expiration date on my sour cream container?
If at first you don't succeed -- give up! No use being a damn fool.
What do prisoners use to call each other? - Cell phones.
My memory is so bad that I forget whose disease I have.
He said it was getting cold, so he turned off the ceiling fan.
My toys! My toys! I can't do this job without my toys!
You can't write unless the paper has both horizontal and vertical lines.
Some people are only alive because is murder is illegal.
Anybody who thinks talk is cheap never argued with a traffic cop.
If you have nothing to say, please only say it once.
Travis - fat and horny with the best XXX collection to be found.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
A happy marriage is a matter of give and take: the husband gives and the wife takes.
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
If at first you don't succeed, hide your astonishment.
Some people are alive only because it is illegal to kill.
Rawbert: Boss, mission par kaise jaaoon, mujhe headache ho raha hai.
Follow any closer, and I'll flip a booger on your windshield!
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
Priscilla - likes painting with oils, Duckhams mainly.
Programmers don't die, they just GOSUB without RETURN.
Looking for a helping hand? You have two of them.
Any small object when dropped will hide under a larger object.
You're never thirty-six and a half. You're four and a half, going on five!
American is a very difficult language mixed with English.
The degree to which you overreact to information will be in inverse proportion to its accuracy.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
If you're not the part of solution then you're part of the problem.
We don't remember dates. Mark birthdays and anniversaries on a calendar. Remind us frequently beforehand.
What do you get when you cross an insect and a rabbit? Bugs Bunny!
WinErr: 294 BlackMail Error - $500 to Gates or your computer gets screwed.
A backscratcher will always find new itches; a brown-noser will always find new sense.
Why bother with marriage? Just find a woman you hate and buy her a house.
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
You go into a shoe store and ask if they have 4, 6, or 8 deck.
Demon: Ooooh (grimaces) you're really gonna hate Fridays.
Werner von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.
Jargon is used as a means of succeeding by not simplifying.
Father, forgive me, I've been caught using Windows ...
There are two kinds of people, those who finish what they start and so on.
Why is palindrome spelled backward emordnilap, and not a real word?
We all get heavier as we get older because there is a lot more information in our heads.
A poignant and thoughtful moment of silence passes between the two women.
The lads are marching into battle, with the piper playing away like mad.............
Any fool can criticize, condemn, complain. And most do.
Conclusion- The place where you got tired of thinking.
Stress: when you wake up screaming  you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
Inferiority complex: Conviction by a jury of your fears.
ROCK AGAINST RACISM - Nihilists against everything.
If you can't have fun doing it then it is likely not worth doing.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
Men exist because cats won't mow the lawn. Women exist because cats can't cook.
Write your concerns on a $20 bill, and mail to ..........
Friendship is to be purchased only with friendship.
He who hesitates is not only lost - but miles from the next exit.
Press any key to continue... no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!
This is to let you know that there is a smell coming from the man next door.
Gravity - it's not just a good idea, it's the law.
Dogs think men are gods. Cats are not so easily deluded.
If Hillary was President Airforce One would be a BroomStick.
You can't win them all, but you can sure lose them all.
KC Approach: "Malibu three-two-Charlie, you're following a 727, one o'clock and three miles.
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
Finagle's First Law: If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
When sign makers go on strike, what is written on their picket signs?
Density of fire increases proportionally to the curiousness of the target.
Electricity comes from electrons; morality comes from morons.
She stated that she had been constipated for most of her life, until she got a divorce.
Only in America... can a pizza get to your house faster than an ambulance.
How did I get so round from eating square meals?!?
Heller's Law: The first myth of management is that it exists.
Thinning hair doesn't bother me; who'd want fat hair in the first place?
How do you tell if you've run out of invisible ink?
You turn on the news and they're showing emergency routes out of the city.
An Irish guy with three eyes, no arms, and one leg is hitchhiking.
Quasi gives a demonstration much to the amazement of man. "Now you try" says Quasi.
Submit your page to 34 popular sites for free, using one form!
People usually get what's coming to them ... unless it's been mailed.
Dogs don't crawl under fences, software crawls under windows.
Do what you can to prolong your life, in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
There is no sweeter sound than the crumbling of your fellow man.
Shutting down networkservers reguarly during worktime prevents RSI and develops social contacts at work.
Teaching: Appearing to have known your subject forever.
Jurassic Park: dinosaurs real, actors simulated.
Odd  interesting quotes, ads, song titles  definitions.
This Charlie Brown must have been a very wise man.
To be born rich is an accident; to die rich is a miracle.
The Eiffel Tower can be seen from any window in Paris.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
My mate was addicted to brake fluid. But he said he could stop any time.
Any twelve people who can't get themselves out of jury duty are not my peers.
An agreeable person is someone who agrees with you.
Iraqi rifles for sale. Never fired; dropped once.
So after the game they decide to copy the Canadians on the return trip and save some money.
He likes to think so, but he is often amazed to find out what goes on in the overnite job.
The Choice: Roll over or stand up and meet the challenge.
You don't know what time Taco Bell closes any more.
Locked coat hanger in car; good thing I had a key.
You finally get your head together, but your body is falling apart.
Neurotics build castles in the air. Psychotics live in them, and Psychiatrists charge them rent.
Computers are not intelligent; they only think they are.
The President of the N.Y.S.E., Richard Whitney, was released from prison to die at home.
Should the U.S. and Britain involve the UN in Iraq?
Do you think Houdini ever locked his keys in his car?
Nothing makes your clothes go out of fashion faster than getting a raise.
Why should you never let your man's mind wander? - Because it's too little to be let out alone.
Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!
Nothing looks as good close-up as it does from far away.
If time heals all wounds, why do our belly buttons stay the same?
Carelessness does more harm than a want of knowledge.
There is always one more idiot than you counted on.
I believe the only time the world beats a path to my door is when I'm in the bathroom.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
If you want to have the rainbow, you have to put up with the rain.
Life is a horse, either you ride it or it rides you.
After a long day at the computer, Eve Adams, economic consultant opened her mail.
If we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
The less influence you have, the longer you wait.
If you can piss this high, join the fire department.
You can fool too many of the people too much of the time.
Once I was arrested for walking in someone else's sleep.
Welfare is a narcotic, a destroyer of human spirit.
Why is it good that there are female astronauts?
If I had some ham, I could have some ham and eggs, if I had some eggs.
I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future.
On Sen. Bob Dole: WARNING: Contents under pressure and may explode.
Woman: Because there is a bigger chance that a man is a moron than he is blind.
Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the repairman arrives.
Nearly everyone's Mom was at home when the kids got home from school?
I detest life-insurance agents; they always argue that I shall some day die, which is not so.
Laugh alone and the whole world thinks your an idiot.
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 1: If you explain so clearly that no one can misunderstand, somebody will.
As a goat herd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
How many consultants will fit onto the head of a pin?
She went home and put it on, then showed her mother how she looked in it.
Meaning: See me for love, Dr. Ruth Westheimer's car?
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
A pig doesn't turn into a man after drinking six beers.
There are more horses' asses in this world than there are horses.
How do you make a cat go 'Woof!' Soak it in petrol and throw a match at it.
He who buys what he does not need steals from himself.
The guy, now perplexed, says yes and the two take off.
The only short meetings are when no one shows up.
The Unknown Jokes! Get Comfy, There's 170+ Here!
What we could really use is the separation of Bush and state.
Have you ever noticed... anybody going slower than you is an idiot. And anyone going faster is a maniac.
When you go on a diet, the first thing you lose is your temper.
These are things NOT to say to a cop if you get pulled over.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
We're as similar as two dissimilar things in a pod.
Amuse yourself. Points are awarded on a degree of difficulty basis. You can award yourself extra points for creative execution.
When liberals grow up they want to be conservatives.
Telling the truth and making someone cry is just as bad as telling a lie and making someone smile!
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Why do people use the word irregardless?
The Americans have taken umbrage. Whereabouts is that?
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
If 10% is good enough for God, it should be for the Feds.
JFK: I need this motorcade like a hole in my head!
My mind is like a steel trap - rusty and illegal in 37 states.
You lack even the dim flicker of sentience needed to qualify as a imbecile.
We can't have a crisis today, my schedule is already full.
Attach a lighted sparkler to the roof of your car and pretend you're driving a dodgem car.
Anarcho-Paladin Anarchy - It's not the law, it's just a good idea.
Never stand when you can sit, never sit when you can lie down, never stay awake when you can sleep.
Sign outside a country shop: We buy junk and sell antiques.
I have learned there is little difference in husbands, you might as well keep the first.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Dreamers build castles in the air, psychotics live in them, psychologists collect the rent. Pessimists build dungeons in the air.
The worst kind of non-smokers are the ones that come up to you and cough.
Jesus saves ... by shopping wisely and using coupons.
Why does an alarm clock "go off" when it begins ringing?
If you stay up all night wondering where the sun is, it will dawn on you.
Coma...........................A punctuation mark.
Never argue with an idiot. Someone watching might not be able to tell the difference.
How much sin can I get away with and still go to heaven?
Can someone have their head in the clouds and be down-to-earth at the same time?
A bill collector came to my house the other day, so I gave him a huge stack of old bills.
He who looks like his passport photo is too sick to travel.
Don't document the program; program the document.
People who think they know it all are really annoying to those of us who do.
Id had enough. Im going to the library, I snarled as I stomped out the door.
Sorry about the crayon. They won't let me have sharp objects.
After 70, they become like Afghanistan. Most everyone knows where it is, but no one wants to go there.
What's the ideal weight for a mother-in-law? About 2.3 pounds including the urn.
Tha* will really help the centuries fly by. --Rimmer.
Is there any reason I have to be in the delivery room while my wife is in labour?
The Americans then sent the car over to Japan to see what the Japanese could do to better the car.
Isotherms and isobars are even more important than their names sound.
Houghton Library, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Your "IBM PC-compatible" computer grows more incompatible with every passing moment.
If you spend your day doing nothing, how do you know when you're done?
Who are these kids and why are they calling me mom?
If you throw something away, you will need it the next day.
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday.
If you are co-dependent, please ask someone to press 2.
Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring, while dishwasher soap is made with real lemons?
If you are cross-eyed and dyslexic at the same time, would see okay?
Donald Duck comics were once banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
Our West Church member, Ellen Small, submitted the following item to be included in the newsletter for your reading enjoyment.
You know that a free fire zone was not the designated smoking area.
You might be a Desi if, you decide to marry a girl/guy that your parents fixed you up with.
This our security officer Mr Worf. Would you like to beat him up?
This is a chain tagline. I have now been stolen 10 times.
If you are headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns.
Read other jokes similar to this one in the following categories.
You will be called into work on your day off when your family has planned a party at the lake.
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
Every man has a scheme that absolutely won't work.
Why do we go under over-passes and over under-passes?
Why did the Irishman drown ?.................Because he was practising his river dance.
It will search all my pages on the word or words you are looking for.
Dedicated to the brave men who go down to the chips in C.
The horn of plenty is usually the one behind you in traffic!
A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke.
Two rules to success in life: 1. Don't tell people everything you know.
What's the similarity between lobster thermidor and a blow job?
He who places head in sand, will get kicked in the end!
Your pal Dan... until he kills you for thinking you're a heretic.
It's not 55mph, it's 147,840 furlongs per fortnight.
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance.
Never assume. It makes an "ass" out of "u" and "me".
I hope there is a next world, because I need a lifetime to understand this one.
What happens when a paranoid has low self-esteem?
Thats the part that feels bad when all your other bits feel good.
There are two ways to handle women and I know neither.
The twitchgrass is always greener on your side of the fence.
A coincidence is when God performs a miracle, and decides to remain anonymous.
There will be a rain dance Friday, weather permitting.
I did alot of drugs in the 50's now I do them at room temperature.
To save energy, do not go out lookin' for trouble; chances are, it will find you soon enough.
If you think you're a person of some influence, try ordering somebody else's dog around.
New and improved: if it's new it's not improved; if it's improved it's not new.
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
The longer the title, the less important the job.
There are 3 men from different parts of the world.
Humans are interesting creatures, when given everything they need, they can't live through hardships.
What is big, yellow and eats rocks? A big, yellow rock eater.
A rose by any other name would still attract aphids.
A few funny quips I found! Thought I'd share!
Don't say Episcopalian when the cashier asks you which denomination you prefer.
If you don't follow your conscience, you're headed for trouble.
Only in America... do banks have drive-up ATM machines with Braille lettering.
Money can't buy everything... but then again neither can no money.
The large print giveth and the small print taketh away.
Why do mummies have trouble keeping friends? They're too wrapped up in themselves!
A traffic light will always turn yellow as you approach it.
Why did the bee cross his legs? Because he couldn't find the BP station.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
Any clod can have the facts, but having an opinion is an art.
Laundry detergent had free glasses, dishes or towels hidden inside the box?
No antique is as rare, old, or valuable as it seems-unless your neighbor owns it.
Nothing is 100% certain, bug free, or IBM compatible.
You wonder how some parents ever MANAGED to reproduce.
Jesus saves - and at todays prices *that's* a miracle!
This morning I couldn't find my socks, so I called information.
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
The church will host an evening of fine dining, superb entertainment, and gracious hostility.
Bank: A place that will lend you money if you prove that you don't need it.
I majored in liberal arts. Will that be for here or to go?
What do you get when you cross a chick with an alley cat?
Marriage is a very expensive way to get your laundry done.
WHOOPS: an exclamation that translates roughly into get a sponge.
As soon as he was finished bathing he was to throw open all the windows and stand in the draft.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
Cisterns of the world unite - you have nothing to lose but your chains.
IN A PARIS HOTEL ELEVATOR: Please leave your values at the front desk.
Paddy hates daylight saving, he gets his morning erection on the 8:30 train.
COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods.
To get it done, do it yourself or forbid your kids to do it.
In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above . . . so I never have to go upstairs.
Ethernet n.: something used to catch the etherbunny.
A child of five could understand this. Fetch me a child of five.
Seen on an old, beat-up car: This is not an abandoned vehicle.
Humor is the hole that lets the sawdust out of a stuffed shirt.
Comedy, like medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
NOW With Some Great Pictures!!! Also new features called Outlandish News!!!
You are never fully dressed until you wear a smile.
Great Bumper Stickers! - Best Humor from the Net from Humorama!
With some foreign food, the less authentic the better.
Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.
It's more than a reader. It's a message base manager!
Caution! Driver under the influence of children.
Life - brief interlude between nothingness and eternity.
Your tits look like they're made of cardboard. Are they real?
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving ain't for you.
During all police investigations it will be necessary to visit a strip club at least once.
Try to look unimportant; the enemy may be low on ammo and not want to waste a bullet on you.
Thou shalt not pull the phone cord out of the back of the modem.
A Frenchman, a German and a Jew are lost in the desert, wandering for days.
BREAKFAST.COM halted... cereal port not responding!
Cut my pizza in six slices, please; I can't eat eight.
Error reading drive C. Abort, Retry, Ignore, Get Linux?
Few problems cannot be solved by proper application of high explosives.
If you think nobody cares whether you're dead or alive, try missing a couple of mortgage payments.
Have you heard any good ones lately? Why not drop me a line.
Everyone wants to save the earth, but nobody wants to help with the dishes.
We cook/they eat; We clean/they dirt; We iron/ they wrinkle.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
No matter how high a man rises he needs someone to look up to.
The best draftees are married men - they know how to take orders.
The man who has accomplished all that he thinks worthwhile has begun to die.
You probably do not want to know what that odor is.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach - but don't tell that to a surgeon.
You laugh because I'm different; I laugh because you're all the same.
Sounds wonderful. Too bad I didn't understand a word of it.
I've learned that you can keep puking long after you think you're finished.
Lovers Lane Daily Joke for Friday, October 8th, 2004 - Receive a funny joke email every day from Jokes2U.com!
Academe, n. An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught.
Is there a meaning to life? Sure, but it probably has something to do with corned beef.
When working toward the solution of a problem, it always helps if you know the answer.
Give the gift that keeps on giving - a female kitten.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't been asleep.
How can you know where you are going if you don't know where you are?
Why do we say something is out of whack? What is a whack?
My wife ran away with my best friend. I sure miss him.
Doublemint: Double your pleasure, double your fun!
God loves us not because of who we are, but because of who He is.
Are You Looking for a Professional Speaker on Therapeutic Humor?
By making something absolutely clear, someone will become confused.
Thank you for not trying to raise my consciousness.
IN A COPENHAGEN AIRLINE TICKET OFFICE: We take your bags and send them in all directions.
Fishing Shop Owner: Sorry sir we don't do trades.
I do not pretend to know what the ignorant are sure of.
Salvation is not what we achieve but what we receive.
If you have got them by the testicles, their hearts and minds will follow.
What's wrong? = What meaningless self-inflicted psycho trauma are you going through now?
Starter Marriage - A short-lived first marriage that ends in divorce with no kids, no property and no regrets.
Copyright 1999-2003 Laughers.com. All Rights Reserved.
We are going to take a sidetrack from laughter and print a very touching, true story by Pastor Rob Reid.
Avoid Satan as a lion, dread him as a serpent, and fear him as an angel of light.
May what we see in the mirror delight us and what others see in us, delight them.
Everyone should carve out their own niche. And if you've got a niche, scratch it.
Problem sets are a decoy to lure you away from potential exam material.
Federal Employment Principle: confusion creates jobs.
A program generator creates programs that are more ``buggy' than the program generator.
My favorite breakfast cereal: Idi-oats, breakfast of idiots.
Remember, the paper is always strongest at the perforations.
Profanity is one language all programmers know best.
It's better to have loved and lost than to do forty pounds of laundry a week.
I've got a Mickey Mouse PC with a Goofy operating system.
The monkey's the only cookie animal that gets to wears clothes. You know that?
Some things that cost $5 to buy several years ago now costs $10 just to repair.
No, you can say it with a pineapple and a twenty.
Anything worth taking seriously is worth making fun of.
Whenever you set out to do something, something else must be done first.
The trouble with women is that they get all excited about nothing, then they marry him.
I have a crank to start my car. She drives me to work, too.
Money can't buy poverty -- you sort of have to earn it.
My cat thinks it's a dog... it goes Mearf! Mearf!
If you get a hair in your teeth consuming pussy, you are not disgusted.
Never raise your hand to your children; it leaves your midsection unprotected.
The program is absolutely right; therefore the computer must be wrong.
The young wish to give their elders the full benefits of their inexperience.
Every item in the store will be on sale, except the ones that you want.
If it says "one size fits all," it doesn't fit anyone.
Kinstirpation (n.) A painful inability to move relatives who come to visit.
Deliberation: The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on.
What's the deal with ejection seats on helicopters?
Saturday morning cartoons weren't 30-minute commercials for action figures?
You still own a slide rule and know how to use it.
The 3rd guy then says I want to be 4 times smarter. Then suddenly he turns into a woman.
Shane -thinks everybody wants to shag him - he's a virgin.
Why do we wait until a pig is dead to "cure" it?
Pharmaceutical companies have it made. You have to take their vitamins so you can open their medicine bottles.
Just when I was getting used to yesterday along came today.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is a big difference.
Heaven is prepared for people who are prepared for heaven.
God created men and rested... God created women and no-ones rested since!
Your solution stinks. The problem, however, is very interesting.
Waiting in the line to pay, I noticed a young woman behind me holding the same nightgown.
You consider your license plate personalized because your dad made it.
He asked 50 people if they supported a ban of the chemical.
It's more blessed to give than to receive- unless you have the chicken pox.
This isn't denial. I'm just very selective about which reality I accept.
David Dinkins, New York City Mayor, answering accusations that he failed to pay his taxes.
The Cat Philosphy of Life: If you can't Eat it or Shred it, then Sleep on it.
The maintenance engineer will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
In computer programming, the one language all programmers know best is profanity.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and horny, If you see one without an erection, make him a sandwich.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
You know you're into middle age when you realize that caution is the only thing you care to exercise.
Work is accomplished by those employees who are still striving to reach their level of incompetence.
Reality is an illusion created by alcohol deficiency.
Men don't roar; women roar. Then they throw heavy objects.
The priest apologizes profusely and removes his hand but is unable to remove his eyes from her leg.
Thank you for your gift of sarcasm. I will treasure it always.
If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.
You aren't born happy, you must make it for yourself.
Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.
If a jogger runs at the speed of sound, can he still hear his walkman?
Make a firm decision now... you can always change it later.
A leading authority is anyone who has guessed right more than once.
It appears that people are speaking to you in binary code.
Minor Premise: One man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.
She said "Harder!" I did that. She said "Faster!" I did that. She said "Deeper!" I philosophized.
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers.
Do dogs have four elbows or are their knees backwards?
If your fiancee is an existentialist, should you give her a disengagement ring?
When I go to a restaurant, they don't give me a menu, they give me an estimate.
If you're going down in flames, you might as well hit something big.
Bad: Your children are sexually active. Worse: With each other.
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
His mother tells him he can't have any breakfast until he does his chores.
Gentleman: one who can play bagpipes but chooses not to.
I knew she was in terrible shape just by her groans.
Gargling is a good way to see if your throat leaks.
IBM Project Management Axiom: Need for project modifications increases proportionally to project completion.
DON'T PISS ME OFF! I'M RUNNING OUT OF PLACES TO HIDE THE BODIES.
Constant use will wear out anything... especially friends.
He can't be insane, I've never seen him at the meetings...
If the French won't buy our lamb we won't use their letters.
An optimist thinks that this is the best possible world. A pessimist fears that this is true.
WARNING: DO NOT LOOK INTO LASER WITH REMAINING EYE.
And the rest of them who have to touch the fire themselves to learn if it's really hot.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
Bureaucracy: a method for transforming energy into solid waste.
I was reading the dictionary, I thought it was a poem about everything.
Mrs Murphy said, My husband made me happy by adding a little magic to our relationship - he disappeared.
Sir Lancelot, you have chain mail in the Knight's Conference.
BEER is as exciting for us as handbags are for you.
Have you ever read the Bible? -- even if only for loopholes.
Nonexistent error - This cannot really be happening.
There's a door not 10 feet away. It is a fine invention, I suggest you use it.
When our fathers get together, no matter what the topic is, each man is an expert.
Old age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Girlfriends put at end to scholastic achievement.
Come in here, dear boy, have a cigar, you're gonna go far!
If train stations are where trains stop, what happens at a work station?
Warning: The surgeon General has started smoking!
My neighbours don't like it when I talk to my plants ... I use a megaphone.
If you're going to burn the flag, tie yourself to it first.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Pygmies placed on giants' shoulders see more than the giants themselves.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend. Dogs are a man's best friend. So which is the dumber sex?
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Some of these are repeating themselves but theres some good ones nontheless.
When you're in love, you're at the mercy of a stranger.
A Hunter is walking through the jungle finds a huge dead rhinoceros with a pigmy standing next to it.
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with them.
Even the woodpecker owes his success to the fact that he uses his head.
We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.
Man who marries a girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
Reality is for those who can't handle Star Trek.
Welcome to the International Tongue Wrestling Championship.
MARIJUNANA - NATURE'S WAY OF SAYING HIGH.
Back, n. That part of your friend which it is your privilege to contemplate in your adversity.
If only you'd use your powers for good instead of evil.
I think of my body as a temple, or at least a reasonably well-managed Presbyterian youth center.
Tuesday, 40%on Wednesday, 20%Thursday, and 5% on Friday.
A crucifix? Oy vey, have you got the wrong vampire!
What do French women place behind their ears to attract French men? answer. Their ankles.
A conclusion is where somebody got tired of thinking.
If you use a waterbed as home plate while wearing baseball shoes it does not leak - it explodes.
By the time you have your child buttoned, booted, scarfed and mittened, the snow has melted.
The cop pulled me over, walked up to the car and asked me, What's the hurry?
EARTH is 98% full. Please delete anybody you can.
Having children is like being pecked to death by chickens...
Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you.
We're all going down the same road in different directions.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
If you want to stay single, look for the perfect mate!
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.
My homework is like a juicy steak -- rarely done.
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants.
I'm okay; it's the rest of the world that's messed up.
Confucius say...Man who leap off cliff jump to conclusion.
If you come home smelling like pussy, she will definitely get mad.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
The easier it is to do, the harder it is to change.
HowCanIBeCreativeWithSuchALimitedAmountOfSpaceToWorkWith?
Interbreeding is genetically possible with any creature from elsewhere in the universe.
I believe no problem is so large or so difficult that it can't be blamed on somebody else.
Instead of being born again, why not just grow up?
Wellhung: I've realized that I've peed into your laundry hamper.
The doctor scolded my mother on her poor choice of IUDs.
Why do we say there is nothing on TV tonight when there obviously is something on?
You can tell it's a full moon without ever looking outside.
Dear Abby, What can I do about all the sex, nudity, language and violence on my VCR?
If not controlled, work will flow to the competent man until he submerges.
Bumper Sticker reads: Keep honking... I'm reloading.
Live your life so the preacher won't have to lie at your funeral.
Bronsen - annoying and never grows up - has a stupid name.
Ever since I broke my mirror, I haven't been able to look myself in the face.
What is the definition of endless love? Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles playing tennis.
You've got two brains. One is lost and the other is out looking for it.
But soft, what bird through yonder window breaks?
No, I'm not an elitist. Why do you ask, peasant?
Kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seat cause kids.
Drive carefully It's not only cars that can be recalled by their maker.
What's That On Your Chest? - Best Humor from the Net from Humorama!
What do you get when you cross an gangster and a garbage man? Organized grime.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
I hold it to be the inalienable right of anybody to go to hell in his own way.
All I ask is that you treat me no differently than you would the queen.
It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
Quelle est la difference entre un lavabo bouche et un Franais? Pour le lavabo au moins, il existe les plombiers.
You begin speaking in a language that only you and Chandeliers can understand.
Families are like fudge . . . mostly sweet, with a few nuts.
Four out of five people think the 5th is an idiot.
I couldn't fix your brakes, so I made your horn LOUDER!
Amazing! You hang something in your closet for a while and it shrinks two sizes.
If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport a 'terminal'?
You consider the U.S. Mail painfully slow and/or call it snail mail.
I am Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.
If American mothers feed their babies with tiny spoons, what do Chinese mothers use -- toothpicks?
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at bill collectors... and miss.
If they're just accessories, how come we want them so badly?
Its moore easy to send Your fun stuff to me by clicking the rabbit below.
Why did the Mafia kill Einstein? He knew too much.
If law school is so hard to get through, why are there so many lawyers?
Metaphysics is a cobweb that the mind weaves around things.
As it turned out, the young man only seemed to be dead and was later revived at a local hospital.
A preposition is a fine thing to end a sentence with.
Why do they call it chili if it's hot?
There are no stupid questions. Just stupid people.
One night I came home very late. It was the next night.
Two molecules are walking down the street and they run in to each other.
All things considered, insanity may be the only reasonable alternative.
IN A LEIPZIG ELEVATOR: Do not enter the lift backwards, and only when lit up.
Why did Dracula take cold medicine? Because he was coffin!
Trying to squash a rumor is like trying to unring a bell.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
Expert - knows tomorrow why today's prediction failed.
A person without knowledge of his history is like a tree without roots.
A 60-day warranty guarantees that the product will self-destruct on the 61st day.
How an engineer writes a program: Start by debugging an empty file...
Hospital: A workshop for the repair of faulty humans.
Democracy is three wolves and a sheep voting what to have for lunch.
He's the only living organism I know who's natural habitat is hot water. - R.
The next thing to do is hang all the consultants.
The most precious thing we have is life. Yet it has absolutely no trade-in value.
After any unit has been completely assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
A woman phones the police and says, I would like to report being raped by 2 council workmen.
I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way.
Try to look unimportant, they may be low on ammo.
Why doesn't anyone make a table out of coaster material?
A conclusion is the place where you gave up thinking.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
All rising to a great place is by a winding stair.
Divorce is not an effective deterrent to marriage.
One of the opossums was St. Matthew who was also a taximan.
Flying isn't dangerous. Crashing is what's dangerous.
I was hoping to do something meaningful with my life.
I said to him .... do you think we'll ever find them?
The box said: 'install on Windows 95, NT 4.0 or better'. So I installed it on Linux.
Think a friend would get a laugh from this joke? Then why not e-mail them...
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.
They say there are lots of good fish in the sea. But who wants to go out with a fish?
The buck doesn't even slow down here. Keep going!
Welcome to Writingforums.com - Discussion forums for writers.
You only have one chance to make a first impression.
What do you do when you see an endangered animal that is eating an endangered plant?
Support bacteria - they 're the only culture some people have.
Collar points don't match, and you've trimmed all the seams.
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
Remember that the woodpeckers INSIDE are often a bigger threat than the storm outside.
No straw, no camel's back, but SOMETHING broke...!
On the 2nd day the knee was better and on the 3rd day it disappeared completely.
Divorce has become so common that my wife and I are staying married just to be different.
After things have gone from bad to worse, the cycle will repeat itself.
Javacommerce is not sponsored by or affiliated with Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Why is the braille on the keys of those drive through ATMs?
I think, therefore I am; a tree doesn't, therefore it isn't.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? - A stick.
Those who hesitate under fire usually do not end up KIA, MIA or WIA.
Don't try to engage my enthusiasm--I haven't got one.
If you leave the meeting room, you're either volunteered or elected.
He met her in a revolving door and has been going around with her ever since.
I lost my virginity, but I still have the box it came in.
What's the worst thing about being a test-tube baby?
Corollary: You are never given enough time or money.
Fortunate is the man who is too busy to tell how busy he is.
Why is "crazy man" an insult, while to insert a comma and say "Crazy, man!" is a compliment?
Why settle for the lesser evil? Cthulhu for president.
The truth is the one thing that nobody wants to believe.
Two mates were sitting at a bar talking about girls.
STICK \'stik\ n. 1: A boomerang than doesn't work.
Elephant: a mouse built to government specifications.
Nothing can be done to change either one of them.
A necessity is something you can get along without to buy something you simply must have.
Gun Control isn't about guns. It's about control.
If a person told you they were a pathological liar, should you believe them?
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out. (and they can't dance, either).
What do you do if a bird craps on your windscreen?
Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with?
GroanersPuns-2Pages!
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
Laugh The Whole World Laughs With You, Cry You Have To Blow Your Nose.
On a microscope: Objects are smaller and less alarming than they appear.
He who can take no interest in what is small, will take false interest in what is great.
Tend the molehills and the mountains will look after themselves.
I'm always late. My ancestors arrived on the June Flower.
Rejection is when your imaginary friends won't talk to you.
The more ridiculous a belief system, the higher probability of its success.
This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible. This was terrible with raisins in it.
Rectum.........................Damn near killed him.
The easiest way to get rich is to start your own religion. - L. Ron Hubbard.
There is not as much gravity on the moon because it is further away from Earth.
Don't put off till tomorrow what you can get someone else to do today.
If you love life like I love my car you won't steal it.
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it is just the opposite.
The wise never marry - And when they marry they become otherwise.
You take a cruise so you can go on a personal tour of the engine room.
Does anyone remember where we anchored the Arkham?
Jesus loves you... everyone else thinks your an asshole.
To the best of our knowledge, the text on this page may be freely reproduced and distributed.
Yesterday I saw a man with a wooden leg and a real foot.
If you fall off, you will land on the site of your most recent injury.
Resentment is like drinking poison and expecting someone else to die!
You can lead a horse to water, and if he walks on it patent him.
FEEDBACK: the inevitable result when a baby doesn't appreciate the strained carrots.
Vedi, veni, velcro ... I came, I saw, I stuck around.
JESUS SAVES! BUT WOULDN'T IT HAVE BEEN BETTER IF HE WOULD HAVE INVESTED...
Anywhere is walking distance, if you've got the time.
I'm taking Lamaze classes. I'm not having a baby, I'm just having trouble breathing.
I even have boring dreams...I fall asleep in my sleep!
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
The faster you move, the slower time passes, the longer you live.
You know you're stressed out when you can hear Mimes.
Doctors are doing tests for irritable vowel syndrome.
The other line always moves faster... until you get in it.
What a pity, when Christopher Colombus discovered America, that he ever mentioned it.
If Bea Arthur married Sting, shed be Bea Sting.
I've been seduced by the chocolate side of the force.
To succeed in politics, you must rise above your principles.
I'm a solid supporter of whichever side eventually wins.
To resist change strenuously is natural and understandable. We dig in our heels and refuse to budge.
You show up early at the bakery to take advantage of the hot rolls.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
Never put a spiteful cat in a clean house with healthy plants.
I try to keep the jokes clean, but sometimes one is way too good to pass up.
The severity of the itch is directly proportional to the reach.
In case of injury notify your superior immediately - He'll kiss it and make it better!
Eddie - wants too many chicks he'll never get 'cos he's an arsehole.
Microsoft Windows - proof that P.T. Barnum was correct.
Try to do things in chronological order. It's less confusing that way.
It is dangerous and terrifying to behold. It is also a rather interesting shade of mauve.
Fill a Shredded Wheat with pink soap and, hey presto - an inexpensive Brillo pad.
Remember--half the people in the world are below average.
Okay, okay....wait a second! The jokes are coming....
I used to live in the real world, but I got evicted.
Death and taxes are inevitable, but at least death doesn't get worse every year.
The secret of education lies in respecting the pupil.
A typographical error is what used to be known as a spelling error.
If swimming is good for your shape, then why do the whales look the way they do?
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
I think your problem is low self-esteem. It is very common among losers.
Please return stewardess to original upright position.
Jesus loves you...but everyone else thinks you are an ass.
How do I set the background and foreground to the same color?
O Lord, protect me from those to whom You speak directly.
A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.
A special Arkansas edition of Windows 2000 has been developed.
Why is it you have a "pair" of pants and only one bra?
And the one seen on a vehicle for a job interiewee...
Don't ask the guy next to you if he can break a five.
What did the blonde say when she opened a box of cheerios?
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Beautiful, Intelligent, Talented, Charming, and Horny.
The Lottery is a tax on people who are bad at maths.
Fortunately Chancellor Baldrick had a cunning plan.
What are you looking up on the wall for? The joke is in your hands.
The same hairstyle lasts for years, maybe decades.
I am a computer, dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.
How come you press harder on a remote control when you know the battery is dead?
Last two words of the national anthem: Play ball!
A superb and inexpensive restaurant. Fine food expertly served by waitresses in appetizing forms.
Motto of the Bomb Squad: If you see us running, you better catch up.
If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep loosing our luggage.
Fester.........................Quicker than someone else.
You have a plastic rug-runner going down your hallway at home.
A boy becomes a man when he walks around a puddle instead of through it.
VegSource: vegetarian vegan recipes resource -- the longest list of bumper stickers I've ever seen!
Looks are but a layer of skin covering one's soul.
Anything we learn today may be disproven tomorrow.
Did you hear about the blind guy who was given a cheese grater for Christmas?
It's hard to make predictions, especially about the future.
A world without war; a dream to some, a nightmare to the arms manufacturers.
Well this morning I had some bacon and eggs and orange juice!
THE FUNNY SITE OF THE DAY -- How fart will you go? Find out with this gassy clickamajig.
Dear Abby, I joined the Navy to see the world. I've seen it. Now, how do I get out?
Do you know the punishment for bigamy? Two mothers-in-law.
You have freedom of choice concerning growing a moustache.
I have a rock garden. Last week three of them died.
A man is not complete until he is married -- then he is finished.
Success is relative - the more success, the more relatives.
All-weather close air support doesn't work in bad weather.
The less you bother me, the sooner we'll get results.
I'm so hungry I could eat the southbound end of a northbound mule.
She's dead Will, but you still have to use a condom!
Well, they do say opposites attact...so I sincerely hope you meet somebody who is attractive, honest, intelligent, and cultured.
There are days when it takes all you've got just to keep up with the losers.
Welcome to Flight 293, nonstop from New York to Los Angeles.
Its hard to be graceful getting off your high horse.
The one who does the least work will get the most credit.
Bid -- A wild guess that is carried out to two decimal places.
With proper diet, rest, and exercise a healthy body will last a lifetime.
God so loved the world that He did not send a committee.
Hello, this is Death. Please answer when you're ready.
The young man took the cash, put it in his pocket, and left.
How do you know when a Frenchman has been in your backyard?
Love is a form of temporary insanity curable only by marriage.
Generally speakin', fancy titles and nightshirts are a waste of time.
Everybody repeat after me.....We are all individuals.
This car protected by a pissed off mother with a .45 auto.
The quickest way to make tossed salad is to give fresh vegetables to an 18-month-old child.
If the Better Business Bureau cheats you, whom do you complain to?
The cardiologist's diet: if it tastes good, spit it out.
Law of Research: Enough research will tend to support your theory.
If you relate to most of these statements, your ancestors are probably from India. If not, you're in denial!!
Heart attacks are God's revenge for eating His animal friends.
If "clothes maketh the man" then it follows that naked people have little or no influence on society.
Why are there A, AA, AAA, C and D batteries but no B batteries?
Interviewer: Is there anything you'd like to take, if you could buy it?
Now THIS is pitiful... Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear any pants.
Seagull Manager - A manager who flies in, makes a lot of noise, shits over everything and then leaves.
You're always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.
Ever notice how there's an inverse relationship between a woman's bra size and intelligence?
I may be fat, but you are ugly and I can lose weight.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Some people are living proof that evolution can go in reverse.
I made wine out of raisins so I wouldn't have to wait for it to age.
A cat will always sit on whatever you're trying to read.
If you are already in a hole, there is no use to continue digging.
FOLLOW these instructions one at a time and as QUICKLY as you can!
You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.
This car is designed by computer, built by a robot, driven by a moron.
My doctor says I/m schizophrenic, but I don't believe him and neither do I!
You're obviously suffering from delusions of adequacy.
He who knows all the answers never gets asked the questions.
If I had my life to live over I would have talked less and listened more.
If you consult enough experts, you can confirm any opinion.
Little Johnny came in from school and asked if he could take his dog, Molly, for a walk.
Every week another brown collection envelope comes around because someone you didn't even know worked there is leaving.
I've seen condom vending machines, but this one installs.
Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgment.
No portion of the content of this site can be copied without prior permission from Persepolis.com.
I'm just here for moral support...ignore the gun.
The lack of planning on your part, does not constitute an emergency on mine.
Organic farmer: a farmer full of natural fertilizer.
There are two times I feel stress--day and night.
The mind is like a parachute - it works only when open.
By the time they arrive back at the grave, the music has changed.
I misplaced my dictionary. Now I'm at a loss for words.
We are Microsoft. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.
Have you heard the story about the Scotsman who gave an Englishman, an Irishman and a Welshman each 10?
If the speed of light is 186,000 miles/sec., what's the speed of darkness?
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
When you have sour cream every problem looks like a potato.
Eat American Lamb. Ten Million Coyotes Can't be Wrong.
I have my own little world. But it's OK...they know me here.
If two mouses are mice and two louses are lice, why aren't two houses hice?
We can't control the wind, but we have the power to adjust the sails.
He and I had an office so tiny that an inch smaller and it would have been adultery.
Was outsourcing the loggers a good move for the company?
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
The book you spent $20.95 for today will come out in paperback tomorrow.
The uglier a man's legs are, the better he plays golf. It's almost a law.
The reason is because he is not sure if sex is work or play.
It's better to die on your feet than to live on you knees.
The person who toots his own horn has everyone running to get out of the way.
There is nothing wrong with sex on TV, as long as you don't fall off.
Go, go, go said the bird, human kind cannot bear very much reality. - T. S.
Why is it so hard to find a good looking, intelligent, sensitive,caring man?
Today's greatest labour-saving device is...tomorrow!
What's the difference between a baritone saxophone and a chain saw?
That concept looks like a chicken in a windstorm.
What's 10 inches long, 2 inches thick, and starts with a P?
Your temper is the only thing you can lose and still have.
We now return to our regularly scheduled mail war.
A dyslexic, agnostic insomniac - one who lies awake at night wondering if there really is a dog...
Windows isn't a virus, viruses actually do something.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
Do unto others as they should do unto you but won't.
You will overlook one of those pins in a new shirt.
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges?
The seminar of time travel will be held two weeks ago.
You hear most of your jokes via email instead of in person.
Profanity: The linguistic crutch of inarticulate bastards.
Money can't buy friends - but it can get you a better class of enemies.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
You sit in a rocking chair and can't get it started.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but so will a dictionary.
Sitecontents1996-2004JosephKaczmarek (unlessotherwisenoted).
Jones' Motto: Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
TOP SECRET - This message will self destruct in 5 seconds!!!
I love cooking with wine. Sometimes I even put it in the food.
If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a chance of being a prophet.
Confucius Say: Better to close mouth and appear stupid than to open mouth and remove all doubt.
Cyanide is so poisonous that one drop of it on a dogs tongue will kill the strongest man.
A pastor, a doctor and an engineer were waiting one morning for a particularly slow group of golfers.
File Not Found. Backup Not Found. Sure you don't want a drink?
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
Rainbows are just to look at, not to really understand.
I will strive to live each day as if it were my 50th birthday.
It's better to have loved and lost than to have hated and won.
You only ever get them when you're away from home.
His friend looks around and finds a large rock, picks it up and heaves it down the well.
AT WORK.........You get a break for 1 meal and you have to pay for it.
An "acceptable" level of employment means that the government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.
Samantha - loves her brother, has four deformed children.
One who finds the past perfect and present tense.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
What goes around usually gets dizzy and falls over.
That babbling brook jest never did learn to keep quiet.
We were soooooo poor, we went to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick the other kid's fingers.
The first smart guy went out and came back with a huge grizzly bear.
Sending your ex-wife a picture of you boating in her family heirloom dining room table...PRICELESS!
When you finally buy enough memory, you will not have enough disk space.
You will always find what you are looking for in the last place you look.
A girl asks her boyfriend to come over Friday night and have dinner with her parents.
Serendipity is looking in a haystack for a needle and finding the farmer's daughter.
If you are driving at the speed of light and turn on your headlights, what happens?
We childproofed our home 3 years ago and they're still getting in!
If something "goes without saying," why do people still say it?
If you don't know what you're doing, do it neatly.
If your attack is going perfectly, you've walked into an ambush.
Torkeh yek sekeyeh panch riali mindazeh to chah-o-migheh: Akheh padarsagh onja ham jay ghedaeyeh?
If you're not rejected at least three times a week you're not really trying.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
Notice: The How To Overcome Procrastination course has been postponed.
IF EVERTHING IS COMING YOUR WAY, you're in the wrong lane!
If you gave him a penny for his thoughts, you'd get change.
Of course I want it yesterday. If I wanted it today, I would have called you tomorrow!
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.
There were 3 guys all going hunting: 2 smart ones and a dumb one.
Be sure the brain is engaged before putting the mouth in gear.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off layer by layer and sometimes you cry.
If you wanna know the value of money, try to borrow some.
I have an existential map; it has 'you are here' written all over it.
Aisha - laughs like a demented dog, likes tic tacs.
The whole order of things is as outrageous as any miracle which could presume to violate it.
The chance that you'll forget something is directly proportional to.....to....ah.....
They should both be changed regularly and for the same reason.
Reality is a big, nasty, vicious dragon, but I don't believe in dragons.
It isn't difficult to make a mountain out of a molehill -- just add a little dirt.
The first divorce directly related to the September 11th terrorist attacks has been filed in NY court.
When money talks, nobody pays any attention to the grammar.
No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
Did you hear that Lorena Bobbitt was killed yesterday??
WELLHUNG: I`m done going. I`m feeling around for the flush handle. But I can`t find it. Uh-oh!
Many a tombstone is carved by chiseling in traffic.
Work is for people who dont know how to fish.
If you laugh a lot, when you get older your wrinkles will be in the right places.
Sent in by Vernon V. Vandiver who hopes, one day, to win this prestigious award.
Worry : The interest paid on trouble before it's due.
He heard she was stuck up, and he asked her how much they got.
Life is like a box of chocolates .. full of nuts!
Citronella candles may not be used in rituals. I cannot stress this strongly enough.
The best audience is intellegent, well-educated, and BULLSHITTED!
Take time to relax especially when you don't have time for it.
The ideal resume will turn up one day after the position is filled.
Invertebrate punster, spinelessly unable to resist a pun so slug me!
Definition of a bachelor: a man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.
You have the Midas touch. Everything you touch turns to a muffler.
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. -Mae West.
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
If we know the speed of light, why hasn't anyone calculated the speed of dark?
If it comes out of the ground easily, it was a valuable plant.
Third, don't always follow the crowd, because nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded.
Dry cleaners and hairdressers don't rob you blind.
Sign on the door of a maternity ward in a hospital: Push, Push, Push.
Where does an Irish family go on vacation? A different bar.
Tandy - you can buy better, but you can't pay more.
Why did God give beauty queens one more brain cell than horses? So they wouldn't shit on stage.
When you need to send an email quick, that's when the modem won't connect!
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest end up drowning as well?
Nueva! Contiene aceite legitimo 9 vainilla del indio!
MAGIC TRICKS, INC. 1996- 2004. All rights reserved.
I don't need you, you know--I can be lonely all by myself.
Three. One to hold the pan and two others to act macho and shake the stove.
There's one in every crowd and they always find me.
A truly great BBS is either illegal, immoral, or long distance from you.
I was just wondering......if you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
How can a woman find out what life's like without a man around?
Which of your five senses tends to diminish as you get older?
Users don't know what they really want, but they know for certain what they don't want.
Man who jumps through screen door likely to strain himself.
They walked up to the Chief of the tribe and asked him if he knew anything about the crash.
When you need to change a flat tire, you discover that the spare tire is flat too.
Everyone has a photographic memory, some don't have film.
Take a congressman to lunch. You will need a tenderiser.
Your distinctive team jacket shows a combat patch and badges.
If you like this free site, please consider donating!
Sevareid's Law: The chief cause of problems is solutions.
If nothing else, the brain is an educational toy.
Assimilated. Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
A gluttony of things and processes terminated by a glorious constipation..
WinErr: 009 Horrible bug encountered - God knows what has happened.
Cows ride the space shuttle - the herd shot round the world.
What does Queen Elizabeth sing during the British national anthem?
Finally, advice for today ................ Remember, a truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
Error recording error codes. Remaining errors lost.
A man should build a house with his own hands before he calls himself an engineer.
Thicken up runny low-fat yoghurt by stirring in a spoonful of lard.
Guy (talking to friend): I guess she doesn't like pizza.
There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days before Saturday.
Marriage is the only war where you get to sleep with the enemy.
Life is what goes by while you are watching television.
Who were the beta testers for Preparation A through Preparation G?
I've had an out-of-body experience already - birth.
Multitasking means screwing up several things at once.
You know it's a bad day when you put your bra on backwards and it fits better.
Everyone who gets you out of crap is not necessarily your friend.
My mind works like lightning. One brilliant flash and it is gone.
CLICK HERE TO SEE THE AWESOME NOBODYS IN PARTICULAR.
Godzilla's bumpersticker: I love New York...with ketchup.
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
At the mall, women get excited, thrilled, and overjoyed by purchasing the perfect item.
Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
Bill Clinton worries about getting sex from aides.
After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the month than you did before.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho path.
Microsoft gives you Windows, MacOS gives you the whole house !
Sorry, but I can't think of an insult stupid enough for you.
Bright during the day, with increasing darkness towards evening.
My honors student used her martial arts training to kick your kid's ass.
If we marry someone 20 years younger, we're aware that we look like an idiot.
It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name.
Overflow on /dev/null; please empty the bit bucket.
Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn[singlequote]t work out.
It is better to be rich and healthy than poor and sick.
Her husband turns around and walks back into the house.
Buckle up. It makes it harder for the aliens to snatch you from your car.
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
Something tells me that I shouldn't date until the world makes sense again.
I don't care where you go, as long as you get lost.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
If you're driving at the speed of light and you turn on you headlights, what happens?
My bank account needs month-to-month resuscitation.
AND THE NUMBER ONE REASON WHY E-MAIL IS LIKE A PENIS...
Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?
It is easier to get older than it is to get wiser.
Oh Lord give me patience, and give it to me NOW!
Spill chequers dew knot awl weighs wok ass wee eggs peck.
Never to assume that the other car with the flashing turn signal is actually going to make a turn.
There ain't no reason to use no double negatives, not never.
Marbles in gas tanks make lots of noise when driving.
A man is incomplete until he is married. After that, he is finished.
I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish. The wicked sometimes rest.
Is there any truth to the rumor that everything is really okay?
Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.
The blood of the soldier makes the glory of the general.
Save your money. Someday it may be worth something.
Corollary: If there is a worse time for something to go wrong, it will happen then.
IN PRISON.......A guard locks and unlocks all the doors for you.
None, Bill Gates will just redefine MSDarkness(TM) as the new industry standard.
My friend George is a radio announcer and when he walks under a bridge you can't hear him talk.
A mind is a terrible thing to waste; I'm glad they didn't waste one on you.
If at first you don't succeed, don't be surprised.
We'll give you piece de resistance and a tour de force.
Top 10 Signs Your Presidential Candidate is Underqualified .....
We can talk to people of the opposite sex without having to picture them naked.
Stress Puppy - A person who seems to thrive on being stressed out and whiny.
Ever wonder why god-centered religions make a woman responsible for messing up the world?
I brought my broken dreams to God because he was my friend.
I said no to drugs, but they didn't listen.
Announce to everyone in a meeting that you really have to go do number two.
I am NOT paranoid! Which one of my enemies told you this?
Don't tell me how hard you work. Tell me how much you get done.
I simply replied, You give him a radar gun and park him on top of a bridge...
What do sheep count when they can't get to sleep?
Wife That's a good idea. You stand by the ironing board, I'll sit on the sofa and fart.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.
IN A NORWEGIAN COCKTAIL LOUNGE: Ladies are requested not to have children in the bar.
Happiness is what happens to us when we try to make someone else happy.
Our staff has completed the 18 months of work on time and on budget.
Misfortune - The kind of fortune that never misses.
A good many dramatic situations begin with screaming.
A coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place.
On a Canadian two-dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat and wrong.
Analyzing humor is like analyzing a frog: you can do it, but the frog tends to die in the process.
I feel like I am diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
Winter is nature's way of saying up yours.
Retrieve cat from kitchen counter pill from potted plant.
Excuse me while I change into something more formidable.
But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Procatstinate: When a cat can't decide to go out or stay inside.
Someone who pays an arm and a leg to break them.
More people have died in Teddy Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.
Into every life some rain must fall. Usually when your car windows are down.
A fanatic is one who cannot change his mind and will not change the subject.
If you don't like my attitude, quit talking to me.
How does it change many dyslexics to take a lightbulb?
Been there, done that and have the tee-shirt to prove it.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
I will defend to your death my right to my opinion.
A consultant may be defined as an unemployed practitioner.
I've told you a million times to quit exaggerating.
The things that comes to those who wait may be the things left over from those who got there first.
Politicians and diapers should be changed often, for the same reason.
The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
If that phone was up your ass, maybe you could drive a little better.
Tellin' a man to git lost and makin' him do it are two entirely different propositions.
Logic can never decide what is possible or impossible.
If I knew what I was doing, it wouldn't be called "research".
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
I never made a mistake in my life. I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
I'm not paranoid, but the people who tap my phone are.
Another one for the girls. Sweet and creamy, with a twist that no guy can turn down...
Macintosh: Most applications crash. If not, the operating system hangs.
Wicked Witch Parking Only - Violators will be toad.
He who tries to pick all the flowers is sure to get some poison ivy.
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
WARNING! PLEASE READ IMMEDIATELY! THIS IS SERIOUS!
Out to Lunch. If not back by 5, then Out to dinner.
Kill all known germs - pour Domestos on a Hell's Angel.
Einstein was one of those people who was as dumb as he looked.
Pick one faith and stay with it. Dilettantism is the mark of an amateur.
You see a good looking, smart person and you know it must be a visitor.
If you can count your money then you don't have enough.
Shes always late. Her relatives arrived on the Juneflower.
Why are they called buildings, when they're already finished? Shouldn't they be called builts?
If a 7-Eleven is never closed, why do they put a lock on the door?
That was the stun setting. bleep This is not...
Warning: Dates in calender are closer then they appear.
I saw a sign: Rest Area 25 Miles. That's pretty big.
The number of women a man find attractive is truly proportionate to his age.
Trouble in marriage often starts when a man gets so busy earning his salt that he forgets his sugar.
Hard work pays off in the future, but laziness pays off now.
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0.
George Washington's brother was the uncle of our country.
The only justification for men's existence is that vibrators can't move furniture.
If you love something, set it free. If it doesn't come back, hunt it down and kill it!
The mortician thought that was rather strange. Then he brought Gomer in to identify the body.
If you wrote a letter, perhaps you bote your tongue?
Forget health food - I need all the preservatives I can get!
Now, all heads turn toward the dean, who sits surrounded by a faint halo of light.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time - I think I've forgotten this before.
Backward slashes are for backward operating systems!
Peck! Peck! Peck! ... Boom! .... Chicken in a Minefield.
Diamond: a lump of coal that made good under pressure.
Coupons always expire before you have a chance to use them.
Them Adam asked, "What can I get for a rib?" The restis history.
Get the facts first - you can distort them later!
Sweetheart: OK. I'm pulling your sweat pants down and rubbing your hard tool.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with something bigger and heavier!
A man and a woman are driving toward each other on a windy mountain road.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M. It will keep you awake until noon.
Headache: One of the most popular forms of birth control.
Classification of mathematical problems as linear and nonlinear is like classification of the Universe as bananas and non-bananas.
Where do they get the seeds to grow seedless oranges?
How come the bullets that work are fired, and the ones that don't work are not?
Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions, the lawyer started screaming hysterically.
My cat is not a "treat-seeking missile", she enjoys the proximity of food.
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell.
Asking if computers can think is like asking if submarines can swim.
ERUDITE: Exhibiting a degree of book learning fatal to success in any business or romantic enterprise.
If you are schizophrenic, listen carefully and a small voice will tell you which number to press.
In Eastern Europe they did not know what 'opinion' meant.
Be torke migan ba hamid va farid jomleh besaz, migeh: shoma do nafarid chegadr shabihe hamid.
Intelligence is like underwear, everyone should have it, but we shouldn't show it off.
File not found, I'll load something *I* think is interesting.
War was on and the captain was attempting to rally the GIs on the eve of a big offensive.
Don't trust reality. After all, it's only a collective hunch.
My sources are unreliable, but their information is fascinating.
Put a naked blonde and a six-pack in front of him. Then tell him to pick only one.
Next time you wave at me, use more than one finger.
The shop assistant is forced to explain that you only get union jack flags in red white and blue.
The truth of this checking account is mysterious, awkward and sad. More Transactions? Y/N?
Kindness is like a boomerang - it always comes back.
If the folks at the "psychic hotlines" were really psychic, wouldn't they call you first?
MICROSOFT: Most Intelligent Customers Realize Our Software is Only for Fools and Teenagers.
Why can't there be a quick and easy cure for impatience?
It's not what you say in your argument, it's how loud you say it.
John Leslie (ITV This Morning): On which river is Newcastle situated?
I finally got my head together, but now my body is falling apart.
As you collect more, just add them to the textfile.
Illegal parameter "SOLDIER.GAY": Discharge/ Ignore (D/I)?
They may be smarter, but no one is crazier than me.
He had a photographic memory that was never developed.
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
More people are run down by gossip than by automobiles.
CHIC: Considered smart without the deadening implication of intelligence.
I will not lick my humans face after eating animal poop.
Challenge his professional knowledge by saying "that was refuted on the Jerry Springer" show.
Murphy's Golden Rule: Whoever has the gold makes the rules.
My name is Annie Key. Ouch! Why are you hitting me?!
Turkey $3.25 Chicken or Beef $2.75 Children $2.00.
Your own point of view will tell you if this is truly a computer revolution, or just plain revolting.
Behaviorist psychology -- pulling habits out of rats.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
Our conduct is influenced, not by what we experience, but by our expectations.
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right!
Our lavatory seat is broken in half and is now in three pieces.
This-or-That Tuesday: as mentioned on Weblogs Central at MSNBC.com!
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.
If you write the word "monkey" a million times, do you start to think you are Shakespeare?
The other man was quite calm, relaxing against a tree.
Up is by definition the direction which broadens your horizons.
Of all possible reactions to a criticism the most skillful and effortless is silence.
It's as bad as you think and they are out to get you.
History does not repeat itself, -- historians merely repeat each other.
Passionate kiss like spider's web, soon lead to undoing of fly.
What's the difference between a poof and a microwave?
The statement following is true. The statement prior is false.
If god is inside us, then I hope he likes Fajita's, cause that's what he's getting.
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
What do you do with a bachelor who thinks he's God's gift? Exchange him.
Confucius say...Lady who go camping must beware of evil intent.
If beauty is only skin deep, I must be inside out!
When life hands you lemons make Strawberry Daiquiris.
Give me a couple of years and I'll make that actress an overnight success.
The sun got confused about daylight savings. It rose twice. Everything had two shadows.
If you arrive very early for a flight, it inevitably will be delayed.
Intelligence is like a river. The deeper it is, the less noise it makes.
Why do we tend to raise our shoulders when we're out in the rain?
Here's a little something for those of you hard-working and "hardly working" types to brighten up your Friday!
Please divert your course 15 degrees to the North to avoid a collision.
It would be great to share a multilingual collection here!
If you are forward of your position, your artillery will fall short.
DeeDee - cannot understand why no one else masturbates in Ikea.
If you can't say something nice, say something surreal.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's because she changes it more often.
The problem with political jokes is that they get elected.
What this country needs is a good five-cent ANYTHING!
Why do croutons come in airtight packages? It's just stale bread to begin with.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool. Shun him.
Then his wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.
Will the last one to die please turn off the computer?
Please God, Answer my prayers... Please Steal this car.
Louise - real babe, bright too, I'd drink her bath water.
The enemy never watches until you make a mistake.
Second Coming still vapourware after 2,000 years!
The nuns gathered around her bed, trying to make her comfortable.
When I am sad, I sing, and then the world is sad with me.
Helicopters can't fly; they're just so ugly the earth repels them.
You know that military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Linda - perfect in every way - a complete sex goddess.
My husband said if I don't quit shopping so much he'll leave. Lord, I'll miss that man.
Have you heard about the new web site for people with dyslexia?
Thank God for nothing, there's nothing to worry about.
A good scapegoat is almost as good as a solution.
To be safe, make a copy of everything before you destroy it.
Irrigation of the land with seawater desalinated by fusion power is ancient. It's called rain.
If you would know the value of money try to borrow some.
Giraffiti: Vandalism spray-painted very, very high.
Hard Drive: The sales technique employed by computer salesmen, especially after a Syntax Error.
He is a modest little man with much to be modest about.
Don't list "in preparation" papers on your CV unless it's absolutely necessary.
They were prepubescent when the Persian Gulf War was waged.
Any fool can tell the truth, it takes intelligence to lie well.
No, I mean what if I'm away from home and I get sick?
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
Mary had a little lamb. The doctor was surprised.
If the world were flat would we still have Columbus Day?
It is impossible to overestimate the immense need that humans have to be listened to, understood, and taken seriously.
Bet you can't stop reading here == I knew it...
IDIOTS AT WORK... Sign in a gas station: Coke -- 49 cents.
Quelle est la difference entre Dieu et un Franais modeste? Aucune, dans les deux cas on souhaiterait que ca existe!
The next night he appeared again demanding Natalie.
I made it foolproof and they started making better fools!
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog.
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint. It was in the shape of a house.
Procrastination and indecision are the roads to failure.
Paula - transvestite merchant banker from Basildon.
The best parachute folders are those who jump themselves.
I'd love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
Every time I've built character, I've regretted it.
I look in the mirror and there is this old person staring back at me.
What did Di do after she learnt the driver was pissed?
Pourquoi les Franais portent-ils des cravates jaunes? C'est pour aller avec leurs dents.
We keep track of the humidity in the air so we won't drown when we breathe.
Make a mental note... oh, I see you're out of paper!
To jump to another area on this site, use the menu listed below.
Why do they say something is out of whack? What is a whack?
If you don't die laughing my name isn't....... what was it again?
Workers at the U.S. MINT are going to go on strike to make less money!
We can never see ourselves as others see us. Even the mirror shows us in reverse.
I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
Better than counting your years is making all your years count.
One tactical thermonuclear weapon can ruin your whole day.
If we're not supposed to cut down trees, why are they made out of wood?
Did ya hear? They took the word gullible out of the dictionary!
Software Independent: Won't work with any software.
Pap Smear......................A fatherhood test.
Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
Borrow money from pessimiststhey don't expect it back.
If I buy the steel wool, can you knit me a Porsche?
No matter how much Jello you put in a swimming pool you still can't walk on water.
To err is human, but it takes a computer to really screw things up.
Water created humans so it would have containers.
Inside this fat body there's a skinny person screaming to get out.
He thinks he is a wit and as usual he is only half right.
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
Damphousse checks Messier, Muller SCORES!!! - YES! SUCKERS!
Between 31 and 35 she is like India, very hot, relaxed and convinced of her own beauty.
Five surgeons are discussing who makes the best patients to operate on.
I'm extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.
Prejudice makes enemies - tolerance makes friends.
As you may have already guessed, the answer to the riddle is none other than your very own........................
Sweat is nature's way of showing you your muscles are crying.
If I had my whole life to live over again, I don't think I'd have the strength.
One time we were driving through a construction zone and the sign said, SPEED LIMIT 35 AHEAD.
Blessed are they who desire nothing, for they shall not be disappointed.
Middle age is when you have stopped growing at both ends, and have begun to grow in the middle.
So, the woman became beautifull, and the husband became twice as beautifull.
If things get better with age, I'm approaching magnificent!
Only by living on the level can one rise to the highest plane.
St. Peter speaks with them and asks what good each has done in their life.
What do you get when you cross a vibrator with an anteater?
No matter what happens, somebody will find a way to take it too seriously.
You might be a Desi if, if you smell like a curry.
Words often used in Bill Gates bedroom: MICRO and SOFT...
Nellie Bell, Roy and Dale, Trigger and Buttermilk.
The question of fishing is not a matter of life or death... it's more important than that.
But officer, the stop sign was green when I went through it.
Those who don't know talk; those who know listen.
All general statements are false; think about it.
A man will spend 20 minutes looking for a golf ball.
Make it too tough for the enemy to get in, and you won't be able to get out.
Average number of people airborne over the U.S. during any given hour:61,000.
Don't take life seriously, you can't get out of it alive anyway.
Tax forms should read "income owed us" and "in commode you".
An apple every 8 hours will keep three doctors away.
The police found him last night bobbing up and down on a small buoy.
Do you have to go to school to learn how to act this badly?
Bad: Your wife's leaving you. Worse: To enter a convent.
P, the only thing that exceeds your compassion is your generosity.
Some days I think Computer Science ought to be in the College of Theology.
People who read the tabloids deserve to be lied to.
Jesus Saves! By using double coupons and shopping wisely.
One wallet and one pair of shoes, one colour, all seasons.
My son is under a doctor's care and should not take P.E. today. Please execute him.
God created man in his image. Being a gentleman, man did the same to God.
Thou shalt remember that thou are a carnivore and that house plants are not meat.
This employee is really not so much of a has been, but more of a definitely won't be.
Toothache: the pain that drives you to extraction.
When they ship styrofoam, what do they pack it in?
A seamstress and a sewer fell down into a sewer line.
Please don't mistake my endurance for hospitality!
Advertisement for donkey rides in Thailand: Would you like to ride on your own ass?
Do illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
A man with a sharp wit? Quick, take it away before he cuts himself.
Ain't nobody's biscuits like Grandma's biscuits !!
Whenever you learn all the answers, they change all the questions.
It's not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
The family that sticks together should bathe more often.
From: egreen#NoSpam.nyc.pipeline.com (Edward Green) All coordinate systems are equal, but some are more equal than others.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
You've ever had your profession slammed by someone who would NEVER DREAM of doing your job.
Finish your mail packet! Children are offline in India.
According to the official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
At an air show, you know how fast the skydivers are falling.
THEM! and move to the far corner of the elevator.
I never could make out what those damn dots meant.
You might as well fall flat on your face as lean too far backward.
Next time you get a lawyer a drink, give him just-ice.
Hilary - frigid bitch. Thinks money grows on trees.
How do you know if a ghost is lying? You can see right through him!
There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people.
If a cow laughs hard, does milk come out its nose?
You may wear long sleeves, but you should always roll 'em up past the elbows.
Job hunting tips .....real resumes and cover letters!
A chicken doesn't stop scratching just because the worms are scarce.
If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize yourself as part of the problem.
Mental backup in progress! Do Not Disturb! I Am NOT Asleep!
The body is mortal and subject to incredible pain.
A job done half-ass is the same as a job not done at all.
Justin - aggravating but loveable, insecure but successful.
Did you sleep well? No, I made a couple of mistakes.
I am the Imp of the Perverse - Knowing this won't help you, either.
If you explain it so that nobody misunderstands, some will.
Good: Your wife meets you at the door nude. Bad: She's coming home.
What's the worst part about having a lung transplant?
When something goes does go wrong, it won't be the thing you expected.
Why are today's rough times always tomorrow's good old days?
Good, better, best. Never rest until good be better, and better, best.
Vision is not seeing things as they are, but as they will be.
Why do they print serving suggestion next to the picture of a product on its label?
I'm one of those bad things that happen to good people.
A person needs a little madness, or else they never dare cut the rope and be free.
Mason-Dixon: The line that separates Y'all from Youse Guys.
Two guys walk into a bar. The next one ducked ...
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Search the directory, or add your Christian site.
There was a row among the oarsmen about how to row.
It's always darkest just before you step on the cat.
AhaJokes.com is faster loading, updated daily, and is this site better than ever!
Work harder . . . . . all those people on welfare are depending on you!
Quickly, I must hurry, for there go my people and I am their leader.
Childish game: One at which you cannot beat your spouse.
The degree of guilt is directly proportional to the intensity of denial.
When you come to the last form in the file, only you will burn copies of it.
Just 'cause trouble comes visiting doesn't mean you have to offer it a place to sit down.
Good taste is boundless, while bad taste knows no bounds.
WinErr: 014 Keyboard locked - Try anything you can think of.
It begins when you sink into his arms and ends with your arms in the sink.
Baby-sitter: A teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
The irony of life is that no one gets out alive...
Abstainer: a weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
Why do people love this shirt SO much!? We may never know...
Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?
What was the tradgedy when four blondes died in a car accident?
Politics: n. from Greek; "poli" - many; "tics" - ugly, bloodsucking parasites.
Gold, Frankincense and Myrrh? Wouldn't Jesus have preferred Gold, Platinum and Silver?
Save electricity by turning off all the lights in your house and walking around wearing a miner's hat.
If cows could fly, everyone would carry an umbrella.
Why do we look in our handkerchiefs after blowing our nose?
The self-importance of a Deputy Captain is inversely proportional to his actual importance in the chain of command.
The Lord stops the cat and says, Say no more, and a wonderful, fluffy pillow appears.
Borrow money from a pessimist - they don't expect it back.
If things were left to chance, they would be better.
Macintosh Condom: It does more, it costs less, it's that simple.
Love is like a pair of socks - you must have two and they have to match.
Before you hibernate, you're supposed to eat yourself stupid. I could deal with that, too.
Nick - nice -can't get past the missionary position though.
If it comes back, it was, and always will be yours.
Don't ever thank us. We're getting paid for this.
Why do we leave cars worth thousands of pounds in the driveway and put our useless junk in the garage.
It took her a month to realize she could play it at night.
Lost: small apricot poodle. Reward. Neutered. Like one of the family.
Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse?
Talk is cheap because supply inevitably exceeds demand.
It is not necessary to fall into a well to know its depth.
Thou shalt not push open the bathroom door when there are guests in thy house.
Imagine all the chickens crossing roads in peace.
Two Marines boarded a quick shuttle flight out of Dallas, headed for Houston.
Why do drive up ATM's have braille buttons on them?
Blessed are the inept for they shall inherit the skies.
The colder the x-ray table the more of your body is exposed to it.
First God created man....then he got a better idea.
If you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it is bound to stick.
Were not in jail, and Im not your bitch, so get off my ass!
It Takes a Lot Less Time and Most People Won't Notice the Difference Until It's Too Late.
Short men who dance with tall women get bust in the eye.
Travel by TARDIS: It's not necessarily faster, but it is definitely more interesting!
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball.
If Strike Isn't Settled Quickly, It May Last a While.
Do to the other fellow as he would do unto you. But for God's sake do it first!
Why are they called "stands" when they are made for sitting?
If you find yourself in a hole the first thing to do is stop diggin'.
You believed that "By the power of Greyskull," you HAD the power!
Why do intelligent blondes dye their roots brown?
All battles are fought at the junction of two or more map sheets, ... printed at different scales.
Fluorescent lighting is very annoying to most nether worldly creatures.
The world would run a lot smoother if more men knew how to dance.
Matters not the rational, the rhetoric, the tricks, our holy God and sin will never, never mix!
You need a surge protector. That way your mouth would be buffered from surprise spikes in your brain.
Your future depends on your dreams - So go to sleep!
You Were Only A Splinter As I Slid Down The Bannister Of Life.
My life's really not so awful--it just seems that way when I'm awake.
Forget everything, as one day everything will forget you.
My roommate got a pet elephant. Then it got lost. It's in the apartment somewhere.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
You wonder why you waited so long to take up macrame.
Hard work doesn't harm anyone, but I do not want to take chances.
Play Pong for hours on the most powerful computer in the lab.
Go see that movie for yourself, and see for yourself why you shouldn't see it.
Helium was up, feathers were down. Paper was stationary.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
Those who abandon their dreams will discourage yours.
Study as though life is eternal, knowing that tomorrow you may die.
Lewis Carroll's Caterpillar had nothing on women.
Cost of raising a medium-sized dog to the age of 11: $6,400.
Did you hear about the failed Irish attempt to climb Mt. Everest?
Morbid.........................A higher offer than I bid.
WinErr: 00A Promotional literature overflow - Mailbox full.
KidsSayTheFunniestThings-3Pages!
No bathroom? No problem, I'll just boldly go where no man has gone before.
I wasn't sleeping. I was trying to pick up contact lens without hands.
The army with the smartest dress uniform will lose.
Remember, your relatives had no choice in the matter either.
Corollary: If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
The young man shrugs: I believe she's knitting a pullover...
He who blames others has a long way to go on his journey.
Those who know God will be humble; those who know themselves cannot be proud.
The honeymoon is that short period of doting between dating and debting.
Unknown error on unidentifiable device for inexplicable reasons.
This insomnia is getting bad! Now I have trouble sleeping when I'm supposed to be awake!
When you think the whole world is against you, remember, some of the smallercountries don't care at all!
Why'd they call it PMS? Cos Mad cow disease was already taken!
All of you that believe in telekinesis, raise MY hand!
Advertising is wonderful. What other medium could picture children going back to school with big smiles on their faces.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
The man finally responded in an irritated voice, "Yes I am".
You might have to guess, based on whether they seem to be yelling at the same kids.
Any producing entity is the last to use its own product.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be misquoted and used against you.
It's not how much an item costs, but rather how much you save.
It takes a couple of trys to get over a speed bump.
If a man with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, would it be considered a hostage situation?
I don't know what it is but it's in great condition.
The only substitue for good manners is fast reflexes.
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
A pat on the back is just seventeen inches from a kick in the butt.
When everything's going your way, you're driving in the wrong lane.
He who crosses the ocen twice without washing is a dirty double crosser.
Your idea seems reasonable... Time to up my medication.
Lie: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date.
Some days it just doesn't pay to gnaw through the straps.
Graduate school is where you learn to call a spade a leveraged tactile-feedback geomass delivery system.
We've been through so much together, and most of it was your fault.
This myasthenia gravis -- does it affect your memory at all?
A man's home is his castle, in a manor of speaking.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to put in his mouth.
Handle yourself using your brain but handle others with your heart.
The Weakest Link: What "T" are the people who live in a house paying rent to a landlord ?
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
Why did you interrupt me? I had almost figured out a solution to our biggest problem.
The severity of an itch is inversely proportional to your ability to reach it.
He's so big that when he hauls butt, he has to make two trips.
Memory is what tells a man his wedding anniversary was yesterday.
You're constantly yelling at your roommate for using the phone for stupid things...like talking.
I wonder if you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Warning: In case of rapture, this car will be unmanned.
WARNING ... drinking tap water can kill your thirst!
Cereal Killer Strikes Again! Cap'n Crunch found dead...
Murphy's Law will go into effect at the beginning of an evaluation.
DIODE: What happens to people who don't die young.
If quitters never win, and winners never cheat, then who is the fool who said "Quit while you're ahead"?
Experience is the name everyone gives to his mistakes.
All grocery shopping bags contain at least one stick of French Bread.
She gave birth to twins, and he didn't believe her when she said there was no other guy.
What do you call 500 men at the bottom of the sea?
If you're sending someone some Styrofoam, what do you pack it in?
Calculate the smallest limb diameter on a persimmon tree that will support a 10 pound possum.
An unbreakable toy is excellent for breaking other toys.
Husband: I think you should learn to some gardening, then we could do without the gardener.
I had an IQ test. The results came back negative.
Over the next couple of months, he saw her doing this several times.
And whose cruel idea was it to put an "S" in the word "Lisp"?
None ... if a candle was good enough for Gramma, it's good enough for me!
What do you call an Alabama farmer with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.
I'd explain it to you but your brain would explode.
They are always either vacant, engaged or full of crap.
It's sad how whole families are torn apart by simple things, like wild dogs.
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors.
Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).
Why do people have "hot water heaters"? If your water is hot, why heat it?
Corollary 2: Any nagging intruder, who stops by with unsought advice, will spot it immediately.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
I put tape on the mirrors in my house so I don't accidentally walk through into another dimension.
A meeting is an event at which minutes are kept and hours are lost.
Advertising: The science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
You get extra credit for the slightest act of thoughtfulness.
It's not the minutes spent at the table that makes one fat... it's the seconds.
He's always been close to the spirit of the thing.
A cockroach can live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
I LOVE MARGARET HOLMES - Good Lord, Watson, so do I!
A man who lives in a glass house shouldn't throw stones.
Radar tends to fail at night and in bad weather, and especially during both.
And the Programmer and the User were left under the naked DOS and it was Good.
What do you call a man who lost 95% of his brainpower?
Dinner Special -- Turkey $2.35; Chicken or Beef $2.25; Children $2.00.
Lerman's Law of Technology: Any technical problem can be overcome given enough time and money.
A Texas jewelry store: "Diamond tiaras -- $70,000. Three for $200,000.
All marriages are happy. It's the living together afterwards that causes the problems.
He sets low personal standards and then consistently fails to achieve them.
Sometimes you have to take the test before you've finished studying.
Stick your hand in the bell and play a lot of wrong notes.
I realised I was dyslexic when I went to a toga party dressed as a goat.
The Low Self Esteem Support Group will meet Thursday at 7PM. Please use the back door.
Taking drugs meant orange-flavored chewable aspirin?
Women do not, snore, burp, sweat or fart. Therefore, they must bitch or they will explode.
Never underestimate the kindness of your fellow man.
Did you get up this morning and decide, today I m going to ruin a man's life?
Men who hold doors open for women make sure that the important ones are closed.
Copyright  1995-2001 SVCG. All rights reserved.
Persons disagreeing with your facts are always emotional and employ faulty reasoning.
Sure, drinking kills brain cells, but only the weak ones.
Why don't you slip into something nicer. Like unconsciousness.
A child's greatest period of growth is the month after you've purchased new school uniforms.
It is following the paths of least resistance that makes men and rivers crooked.
So, why don't they make mouse-flavoured cat food?
Purranoia: The fear that your cat is up to something.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Owners of digital watches: Your day's are numbered!
Someday we'll look back on this, laugh nervously and change the subject.
Sign at a Kentucky appliance store: Don't kill your wife. Let our washing machine do the dirty work.
The engine falls out of the car the day after the warranty expires.
Never put off until run time what you can do at compile time.
Success is generally due to holding on...and failure to letting go.
Her husband was going to follow her the next week.
So if it's the tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
Please, no deja-vu, I don't want to go through that again.
He is a fool who cannot be angry, but he is a wise man who will not.
New Jokes are added all the time, check back soon!
And the father replied, I don't know son, I'm still paying.
Miss Charlene Mason sang "I Will Not Pass This Way Again," giving obvious pleasure to the congregation.
All reports are in; Life is now officially unfair.
Shirts must have too much room, look what people have written on them...
Now suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress... But I repeat myself.
If two wrongs don't make a right, how many does it take?
If a job is worth doing, then get someone in to do it properly.
Don't get me mad! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies!
Contrary to popular belief, a barrel full of monkeys isn't fun at all, and is in fact quite horrifying.
A new aftershave that smells like money - it would drive women mad.
I can't remember the last time I forgot something.
A woman's advice is not worth much, but he who doesn't heed it is a fool.
Armageddon means never having to say you're sorry.
If you don't like my driving stay off of the sidewalk!
The most effective way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once!
An amateur golfer is one who addresses the ball twice: once before swinging, and once again after swinging.
When aiming for the common denominator, be prepared for the occasional division by zero.
I come from a stupid family. My father worked in a bank. They caught him stealing pens.
I will never put off until tomorrow, what I can forget about forever.
When you are in a peach orchard, don't look for turnips.
Ajit: Ise revaalving chair mein daal do. Pata chal jaayega chakkar kya hai.
The more I learn, the more I realize I have to learn.
Suppose that there were no hypothetical situations.
What's the difference between a Cavalry Horse and a Draught Horse?
Amateurs practice until they get it right; professionals practice until they cannot get it wrong. Which one are you?
My disgust with the current administration cannot be summarized here.
One good thing about "standards" is that there are so many to choose from.
You can't tell the depth of a well by the length of the pump handle.
The word 'politics' is derived from the word poly, meaning 'many', and the word ticks, meaning 'blood sucking parasites'.
If two silkworms were in a race, would they end up in a tie?
The name of all the continents ends with the same letter that they started with.
I want either less corruption or a chance to participate.
Selina - doesn't wear pants, heavy laundry bills.
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of the heart.
Be sure to put "Funny Story" in the subject line, otherwise it might accidentally go into the trash bin.
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore?
On a handgun: Not recommended for use as a nutcracker.
Experience is the comb life gives you after you're bald.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody else to do.
A cat by any other name is still a furry little hairball that shits behind the couch.
Take it easy, and if you get it easy take it twice.
Copyright 2000-2003 PlanetADND.com - All Rights Reserved.
Ben Kenobi at the dinner table: Use the FORKS, Luke!
Nothing is so simple that it can't be screwed up.
Don't be redundant; don't use more words than necessary; it's highly superfluous.
Lieberman's Law: Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter, because nobody listens.
It is our responsibility, not ourselves that we should take seriously.
It's not whether you win or lose. What counts is whether I win or lose.
He advised his friends to play through and he would meet them at the clubhouse.
A nest is not empty until all their stuff is out of the attic.
Martha Stewart's quick chicken recipe - boil the chicken in water, then dump the stock.
Please support Aaaha! Jokes by visiting our sponsors.
Thou shalt not open the bathroom door when there are guests in thy house.
It's easier to obtain forgiveness than permission.
Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.
A woman walked into the ladies and saw a man standing up using the toilet.
A blonde dies and arrives at the Pearly Gates, where she is greeted by St. Peter.
I exercise because I want to be healthy when I drop dead.
I want you so much!!! Where the fuck are those darned bees?
How do you save a man from drowning? Take yer foot of his head.
Grandchildren are God's reward for not killing your kids.
Flying saucers are real, the Air Force doesn't exist.
Everytime I find the meaning of life, they change it.
It's better to keep your mouth shut an look stupid than open it and prove it.
Why is it that at class reunions you feel younger than everyone else looks?
An engineer home for the evening talking to his wife.
For every vision there is an equal and opposite revision.
Copyright 1997 Rita Gotcher. All rights reserved.
Live every day as if it is your last. One day you will be right.
A family reunion can be an effective form of birth control.
Don't wear your glasses on a blind date. You'll look better, and he will too.
Operator! Trace this call and tell me where I am!
He said he was dying of fast women, slow horses, crooked cards and straight whisky.
Keep America Beautiful - swallow your beer cans.
What is the difference between a dog and a fox? About 5 drinks.
Windows isn't CrippleWare -- it's "Functionally Challenged".
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
One who, upon being asked how they are, tells you.
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
Those who complain about the way the ball bounces are usually the ones who dropped it. -General Features Corp.
You have two cows. The government takes one and gives it to your neighbor.
Where does Bec get them from? Well she did and is sharing them with us.
Andrew -usually short and very horny, watches cartoons.
What do people mean when they say the computer went down on me?
My Boss frequently gets lost in thought....that's because it is unfamiliar territory.
Taco Bell is not the Mexican National Telephone Company.
Be nice to your kids - they'll pick your nursing home!
Even if the grass is greener on the other side: they, like you, still have to cut it.
Notice: The only person getting his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
Live long enough to become a problem to your kids.
The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Whatever you set out to do, something else must be done first.
You always hear about them but you never see them.
A COMPUTER DESIGN with a 9-bit character, 12-bit instruction and 31-bit word would be a catastrophe ...
If you must work on your flight, you will experience turbulence as soon as you touch pen to paper.
What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry? Never lick the spoon.
Amish bumper sticker: Caution! Do not step in exhaust.
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
We child-proofed our home 3 years ago, and they're still getting in!
By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step, he's too old to go anywhere.
Dependency is not born it is created - Rush Limbaugh.
Network management is like trying to herd cats...
Why do steam irons have a permanent press setting?
With friends like these, who needs to hallucinate?
Math is the language God used to write the universe.
He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
Remember not to forget that which you do not need to know.
What's the worst thing about the Challenger Space Shuttle diaster?
Given a choice between two evils, pick the one you never tried before.
Woman.ZIP -Great program. No docs, but great to UNZIP.
Do it today, tomorrow it will be bad for your health or illegal.
Food eaten at Christmas parties has no calories, courtesy of Santa.
Believing the "lie detector" was working, the suspect confessed.
No man ever injured his eyesight by looking on the bright side of things.
I'm thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out my nose.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Yeah, it's done. Can't you hear the smoke alarm?
War solves nothing. It just leaves one person left to make the decision.
An American Airlines 757 was taking off from Kennedy Airport.
I bought myself a combination fax machine and paper shredder.
If it weren't for the killings, Washington would have one of the lowest crime rates in the country.
So if you're going to steal your neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
Kibitzer: A person with an interferiority complex.
Your life is God's gift to you; what you do with it is your gift to God.
The most valuable gift you can give your family is a good example.
Too many people offer God prayers, with claw marks all over them.
Always forgive your enemies but never forget their names.
Most of the people who are starting college this fall across the nation were born in 1982.
Bruce - stinks bad and thinks everyone else's name is also Bruce.
I hate to brag, but I have more brains in my head than you have in your little finger.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another. - Jonathan Swift.
Never try to guess your wife's size. Just buy her anything marked 'petite' and hold on to the receipt.
They are too young to remember the space shuttle blowing up.
When all else fails, let a = 7. If that doesn't help, then read the manual.
God loves you... Everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
The reason most people play golf is to wear clothes they would not be caught dead in otherwise.
I'm not dead. I'm electroencephelographically challenged.
We now return to our regularly scheduled flame-throwing.
Notice: The how to overcome apathy class has been cancelled due to lack of response.
I met this wonderful girl at Macy's. She was buying clothes and I was putting Slinkies on the escalator.
Worry: interest paid on trouble before it falls due.
The less work an organization produces, the more frequently it reorganizes.
Never tell the Platoon Sergeant you have nothing to do.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Roses are red, violets are blue, some poems rhyme, but not this.
If a member of a synchronized swimming team drowns, do the rest also drown?
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.
The more urgent the need for decision, the less apparent becomes the identity of the decision maker.
She criticized my apartment, so I knocked her flat.
Even if the voices are not real, they have some good ideas.
Elvis is dead, Mozart is dead, Einstein is dead, and I'm not feeling so marvelous myself.
Politicians are those who deal with the problems which would not exist if they didn't exist.
EYE KNEE-THE RAKE My wife replied that she understood and signaled back.
I spent all that time and my haystack had no needle!
IneedsignificantlymoreroominthislineforwhatIwanttosay.
Before looking at the answers, make sure you know which animal you dropped in what order.
A diagnostic is someone who doesn't know whether there are two gods.
Back off! You're creeping up like cheap underwear.
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
I am Homer of Borg. Prepare to be assimi... Oooh! Donuts!
You want I should bop you with this here Lollipop?
Don't worry about the bugbears; I'll talk us out of this.
Mt. Kilimanjaro, the breathtaking backdrop for the Serena Lodge. Swim in the lovely pool while you drink it all in.
Man had not invented pantyhose, dishwashers, clothes dryers, electric blankets, air conditioners and he hadn't walked on the moon.
If you want the world to beat a path to your door...
Treat a woman like a racehorse, and she'll never be a nag.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you.
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
Do you think I would really wish for a nine inch pianist ?
You will have trouble with the ties on your gi pants when members of the opposite sex are in class.
Once you've seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
A good name for a business: Jjim's Llama Rranch. My spell checker doesn't like it, though.
Charlotte - enjoys tea and cake, farts the national anthem.
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam.
The woods are always empty if you're a poor hunter.
SELF-CONTROL -- the ability to eat only one peanut.
You feel like the morning after, and you haven't been anywhere.
Success comes in an expensive can. Failure comes in a free barrel.
The trouble with cars is that you can't drive a bargain.
Everything you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Don't criticize your wife ... if she were perfect, she would have married much better than you.
Did you hear? Easter is cancelled this year.....yeah, they found the body.
There are no laws of nonsense because laws are logical and nonsense is not.
Salary is no object: I want only enough to keep body and soul apart.
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.
What could be worse than having climbed the ladder of success, only to find it is against the wrong wall.
The only stupid question is the one that isn't asked.
The simplest subjects are the ones you don't know anything about.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
How do you know when you girlfriend is on steroids?
Sex on television can't hurt you . . . unless you fall off.
Improve mail delivery... mail the posties their pay!!
I got a sweater for Christmas. I wanted a screamer or a moaner.
I have a decaffeinated coffee table. You'd never know it to look at it.
Never follow good whiskey with water, unless you're out of good whiskey.
Make a mistake today? Don't feel badly...Remember that Babe Ruth struck out 1,330 times.
Since she won't live forever, why give her a diamond?
Don't expect to win if you bring a knife to a gunfight.
Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.
The cop said What...A rectum stretcher, and what does a rectum stretcher do?
We the unwilling, led by the unqualified, are doing the impossible for the ungrateful.
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Send in by Gerard Flynn who does get more exercise now, as his wife hid the TV's remote control.
If you're one in a million, there are more than 5,000 of you.
If you whine about the weather, someone else will always whine louder.
Fishing: A man's way of hiding a drinking problem.
You, you, and you, panic. Everyone else, come with me.
The earth is 98% full. Please delete anyone you can.
I Have To Stop Now, My Fingers Are Getting Hoarse!
A selfish ugly girl asked a poet: what the Sun and me have in common?
A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be.
So why can't they make *tampons* that are "ribbed for my pleasure"?
A man wondered if having sex on the Sabbath is a sin.
Why do weinies come in packs of ten, but buns come in packs of eight ?
The best way to a mans heart is through his rib cage.
Feed your faith and your doubts will starve to death...
I love playing cards with children. They can't tell you're dealing off the bottom of the deck.
On an infant's bathtub: Do not throw baby out with bath water.
Whats the difference between......................
I'm starting a group called Dipwads Anonymous. It should be really popular.
It's hard to believe that he beat out 100,000 other sperm.
Mistress: Something between a mister and a mattress.
A blush on the face is better than a blot on the heart.
Beauty is only skin deep...but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
When I turn around, people throw me a welcome back party.
When the smoke gets out, computers stop working...
Always and never are two words to always remember never to use.
Tis better to have loved a short than to never have loved a tall.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
When faith hope fail try charity - it's love in action.
You've reached middle age when the phone rings on Saturday night, you pray it isn't for you.
The car reaches its optimum speed when going downhill.
Don't compute and drive; the life you save may be your own.
I am reading a very interesting book about anti-gravity. I just can't put it down.
Protect your software at all costs; all else is meat.
Read the manual? You mean to tell me it doesn't come in automatic?
Never invite trouble - it will accept the invitation every time.
We send out new product announcements every few months.
After a Beer Festival in London, all the brewery presidents decided to go out for a beer.
Everyone needs to be loved. Especially when they don't deserve it.
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
O'Reilly's law of the kitchen: Cleanliness is next to impossible.
The less carry-on luggage space available on an aircraft, the more carry-on luggage passengers will bring aboard.
As she hears the wedding march begin, three things are foremost in a bride's mind: Aisle, Altar, Hymn.
If you are anxious, just start pressing numbers at random.
Just because we are grown, it doesn't mean playground rules aren't in effect.
Some days you're the bug, some days you're the windshield.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
There's nothing more annoying than two people talking when your interrupting.
The barber lost three combs in your hair the last time you had it cut.
The complexity of a weapon is inversely proportional to the IQ of the weapon's operator.
Whoa! Put on the brakes, It's all slipping away!!!
A clean and dry set of overalls is a magnet for mud and rain.
Sometimes it's easier to beg for forgiveness than ask for permission.
I made a killing in the stock market. My broker lost all my money, so I killed him.
His voice was as intimate as the rustle of sheets.
On his third visit the doctor told the man to go home and take a hot bath.
If ignorance is bliss, where are all the blissful people?
A little girl and a little boy were at day care one day.
G=Guns, PG=Plenty of Guns, PG-13=More than 12 guns...
Its always darkest before dawn. So if youre going to steal your neighbours newspaper, thats the time to do it.
I assume full responsibility for my actions, except the ones that are someone else's fault.
A prostitute can wash her crack and use it again!
There are two theories about how to win an argument with a woman. Neither one works.
My mum says if I'm not in bed by 10.30, I'm to go home.
Be true to your teeth, or they'll be false to you.
I want to die in my sleep like my father, not screaming like his passengers.
It is not the fall that kills you. it's the sudden stop at the end.
The super ego is that part of you that is soluble in alcohol.
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night- Then on Sunday pray for crop failure.
No speech can be entirely bad if it is short enough.
If reading this on a BBS, press ALT-H for an IQ test!
Click one of the radio buttons below to select your picture.
G: If we do happen to step on a mine, Sir, what do we do?
Rawbert: Boss, mera teesra bachcha ho gaya, uska naam soch ke bataiye.
You have no idea how acutely depressing it is to realize we're from the same species.
Thinking is wise, planning is better, doing is best.
If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that a hostage situation?
SWEETHEART: I'm sighing. Why don`t you take off your glasses?
You can't frighten me, I'm a coward, I'm always scared.
Unless one is a genius, it is best to aim at being intelligible.
The scariest movie I ever saw was where aliens landed on earth, and they were all lawyers.
What do you do when you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant?
Math illiteracy affects 8 out of every 5 people.
Why do they call them "apartments" when they are all stuck together?
Sonya - dirty lady of the night. Often referred to as a carrier.
If we are what we eat, I'm cheap, fast, and easy.
THINK -- it gives you something to do while the computer is down.
I have a twin brother; he's identical, but I'm not.
Three, one to change the bulb and two to secretly wish they were the socket.
I read in an article "The way to achieve inner peace is to finish all the things you have started".
If you have multiple personalities, please press 3, 4, 5, and 6.
Teacher : I wish you would pay a little attention.
Baby conceived on back seat of car with automatic transmission grow up to be shiftless bastard.
The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.
Where will you be sitting in eternity - smoking or non-smoking?
I don't suffer from insanity; I enjoy every moment of it.
How do you know that honesty is the best policy until you have tried some of the others?
Potluck supper Sunday at 5:00PM; prayer and medication to follow.
Energizer Bunny arrested and charged with battery.
Can't sleep, clown will eat me; Can't sleep, clown will eat me......
I installed a skylight in my apartment . . . the people who live above me are furious!
Does Mr. Rogers really want us to be his neighbor?
Freedom is doing what you like, happiness liking what you do.
Those shorts ought to be a little longer, Darla.
If the grass is greener on the other side of the fence, you can bet the water bill is higher.
When you've seen one non-sequitur, the price of tea in China.
Mediocracy: the shortest blade of grass gets cut last.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
Do not adjust your mind, the fault is with reality.
If you always take time to stop and smell the roses - sooner or later, you'll inhale a bee.
You have two cows. You reengineer them so they live for 100 years, eat once a month, and milk themselves.
If a brown cow eats green grass why is it's milk white?
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
It takes less time to do the thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
When you make a mistake, make amends immediately. It's easier to eat crow while it's still warm.
Activation Energy: The useful quantity of energy available in one cup of coffee.
Here is a collection of humor compiled from sources around the 'net...
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's a.. no, no, it's a bird.
To live outside the law, you must be an honest man.
Seen on a woman's car: Men call us birds, we pick up worms.
If you don't like the way I drive, you should see me putt.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
Incompetence plus incompetence equals incompetence.
Let us ogle. We are going to look anyway; it's genetic.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me anytime you want to.
Definition of a prostitute - receiver of swollen goods.
I think animal testing is a bad idea; they get all nervous, and give the wrong answers.
The woman looked puzzled. Why talk to me? she asked.
Sorry, I haven't got time to understand anything.
I would like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
Then the pastor noticed the woman walking down the center aisle.
I'm not panicking. I'm watching you panic. It's much more entertaining.
Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut.
Brake fluid mixed with Clorox makes smoke, and lots of it.
If you come home smelling like beer, The Woman may get mad.
Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success.
If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from?
My cat is not a ruthless hunter, she is a wildlife control expert.
The obituaries in the newspaper prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that people die in alphabetical order.
I saw a tree fall in the woods, and I didn't hear it.
If you do not understand it, it must be intuitively obvious.
They may have never heard of an 8-track. The compact disc was introduced when they were 1 year old.
A clean house is a sure sign of a broken computer.
On a revolving door: Passenger compartments for individual use only.
An oral contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
What did the first lesbian frog say to the second lesbian frog?
Confucius say...Squirrel who runs up woman's leg not find nuts.
If you only have dollar bills, the vending machine will reject them.
You can bomb the world into pieces, you can't bomb the world into peace....
If you find something you like, buy a lifetime supply, because they will stop making it.
How do they get the deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
Ian - really popular but knows all the girls want him... yeah right!
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
An aquarium is just interactive television for cats.
How many Family traditionalists does it take to change a lightbulb?
What is popular is not always right; what is right is not always popular.
What can I do about all the sex, nudity, language and violence on my VCR?
Why are orchestra intermissions limited to 20 minutes?
Don't brag -- it isn't the whistle that pulls the train.
Car95 or CarNT. But, then you would have to buy more seats.
A used car is not always what it's jacked up to be.
There are 2 theories to arguing with a woman...neither works.
Mary had a little lamb, support Planned Parenthood.
God Himself does not propose to judge a man until he is dead, so why should you?
Think nobody knows you're alive? Try missing a payment.
Hoffer's law: When people are free to do what they want they usually imitate one another.
How 'bout coming up to my place for a spot of heavy breathing?
Those who think they know it all are really annoying to those of us who do.
To poldly bow air mobius gumby four: Trek on novocaine.
A bird in the hand is always safer than one overhead.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.
It was submitted by Jack Budd - a timely, heart-warming story at this Christmas season; read on and enjoy!
For large values of 1, 1 equals 2, for small values of 2.
TOTALITARIANISM: You have two cows. The government takes them and denies they ever existed. Milk is banned.
An older woman, running from the opposite direction, was trying to catch the bus.
If you don't know where you're going how do you expect to get there.
People like you are the reason people like me need medication.
Okay, who stopped the payment on my reality check?
College: A place where some pursue learning and others learn pursuing.
J+E+S+U+S * 9 = 666 (A=1, B=2, etc.) Try it and see!
I'd love to, but there's a disturbance in the Force.
Experience is what a comb gives you after you lose your hair.
Politics: Poli=Many, Tics=Blood sucking parasites.
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
It was all so different before everything changed.
He never saw his wife or his home again for all the 35 years in between.
I believe in the Golden Rule - The Man with the Gold . . . Rules.
If swimming is so good for you, why do whales look the way they do?
When my boss pleases his boss, that's co-operating.
House guarded by a shotgun 3 nights a week. You guess which?
I disbelieved in reincarnation in my last life, too.
A bachelor has no one to share his troubles. Why should he ?, he hasn't any.
So, one of the monks goes downstairs to look for him.
Those who refuse to learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Lawyers -- People who go in after the auditors and strip the bodies.
Those who are most moral are farthest from the problem.
The only time some people work like a horse is when their boss rides them.
What's the similarity between Bill Clinton and a carpenter?
Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
Hello is not a question, let's come up with a new way to answer the phone.
You can only go to restaurants that offer Valet Pushing.
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly car payment is due.
One child is not enough, but two children are far too many.
I'd love to, but I think you want the OTHER Phillip.
The man replies, My second wish was for a chick with long legs.
Read the newspaper - an informed person panics more intelligently.
Nobody really cares or understands what anybody else is doing.
How can you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
LOOTING: A public shopping spree generously sponsored by local merchants in the wake of a riot.
Took an hour to bury the cat, wouldn't hold still...
This is your brain desperately searching for Doritos.
He finds inside a batch of homemade cookies and a video tape of his favorite stateside TV shows.
Be alert - the world needs more lerts. To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question.... ....or is it?
I was walking my dog around the building...on the ledge.
The angel thinks for a moment and then lets her in, too.
If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.
Luke takes a step off the platform, hesitates, then plunges down the shaft.
If they find life on Mars, do you think it will taste like chicken?
You have reached the number you have dialed. Please leave a message after the beep.
Every misfit carries some of the load of making the whole more fit.
The Marine again answered, "Sir, Mr. Clinton is no longer president." Again the man answered, "Oh, okay," and walked away.
I got up the other day and everything in my apartment was stolen and replaced with an exact replica.
Never argue with a woman when she's tired or rested.
When you think you have someone eating out of your hand, count your fingers.
The back of your head keeps getting hit by the toilet seat.
Never hit a man with glasses, hit him with your fist.
What should you give a man who has everything? A woman to show him how to work it.
Logic is the systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
It is bad to suppress laughter- it goes back down and spreads to your hips.
Careful!!...You may be the only Bible some people ever read.
I know Karate! ...and several other Japanese words.
Minding your own business will not be tolerated.
I don't think nostalgia is as good as it used to be.
Treat people like angels; you will meet some and help make some.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
Things are more like they are now than they have ever been. --Gerald Ford.
What is the difference between a french horn section and a '57 Chevy?
A "sucking chest wound" is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
My keyboard doesn't work anymore, because I was typing with relish.
The cat that ate the ball of yarn... had mittens!
He's so narrow-minded he can see through a keyhole with both eyes.
Clerk: Sorry, but we can't sell something the computer says we don't have...
Politicians deal with the problems which would not exist if they did not exist.
Can I yell movie in a crowded firehouse?
The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's farther away.
Now that you are on my ass you wanna get married?
It's easy to suggest the solution when you don't know the problem.
Success often comes from not knowing you limitations.
How many Pagans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Women over 50 don't have babies because they would put them down and forget where.
Avoid cutting yourself while clumsily slicing vegetables by getting someone else to hold them while you chop away.
The only evidence against evolution are its opponents.
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
Why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundred dollars and a substantial tax cut saves you thirty cents?
A man went to see his doctor because he was suffering from a miserable cold.
Then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!
Whom gods would destroy, they first teach MS-DOS.
We don't have to memorize Caddyshack or Fletch to fit in.
I still have my Christmas Tree. I looked at it today. Sure enough, I couldn't see any forests.
Outside of a dog, man's best friend is a book. Inside of a dog, it is very dark.
Car service: If it aint broke, well break it.
Divorce ain't all that great, but it sure beats suicide.
If we didn't have C, we would have had BASI, OBOL and PASAL.
I heard that you went to the haunted house and they offered you a job.
Panties not best thing on earth, but next to best thing on earth.
You don't care where your spouse goes, just as long as you don't have to go along.
We have a strange and wonderful relationship. You're strange and I'm wonderful.
Once I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken....
It isn't necessary to be rich and famous to be happy. It's only necessary to be rich.
You never finish a program, you just stop working on it.
What's the difference between New Age and Pagan? About $500 a weekend.
A day when everyone loves your drivers license photo.
I lost twenty pounds. Unfortunately, I was in England at the time.
Sir, if you were my husband, I would poison your drink.
JESUS LOVES BLACK AND WHITE (but he prefers Johnny Walker).
I don't give a crap. But if I did, I'd give it to you.
The reason that people get lost in thought is because it's such unfamiliar territory.
Your dad thinks it's perfectly OK to hawk and spit out a loogey on the sidewalk.
How do you cope when the apple of your eye becomes a bone in your throat?
Helen of Troy, really beautiful, face that could launch a thousand ships. Her hips alone could probably launch 100 ships.
Heaven won't have me and Hell's afraid I'll take over.
What did the Dick say to the Condom? 'Cover me!!! I'm going in.
The destination is unknown at the start of many journeys.
The economy is the secret police of our desires.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Anthony - great guy and kind to all girls, smells of wee.
Blessed is the end user who expects nothing, for he/she will not be dissappointed.
Well, there is no way I could even come close to that one.
It is now beyond any doubt that cigarettes are the biggest cause of statistics.
The tongue is the deadliest of all blunt instruments.
I have this nagging fear that everyone is out to make me paranoid.
What accounts for the largest portion of health care costs?
Come on! What if Squall's in there going 'I can't escape because nobody ordered me to'?
If you read in the bathroom, is that considered multi-tasking?
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
DEFINITION: Upgrade - Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
Have you ever dated somebody because you were too lazy to commit suicide?
Multimedia: Offline reading and wearing a Walkman.
Zen congressmen pass transcendental legislation.
You have a drawer full of old pens, most of which don't write anymore.
Practice makes perfect, so be careful what you practice.
Restore a competent government; dump liberals in Congress.
I have decided to live forever, or die in the attempt.
Dont be irreplaceable. If you cant be replaced, you cant be promoted.
Don't worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older, it will avoid you.
Family Fortunes: Name a type of fork not used for eating ?
GPF - the Microsoft Award for Programming Excellence..
The world population of chickens is about equal to the number of people.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
I'm a terrible lover...I've actually given a woman an "Anti-Climax".
A cat will drink his weight in milk, squared, just to show you he can.
It is better to sleep on what you intend doing than to stay awake over what you've done.
When he went to place them in his mailbox, he found a bill from the lawyer.
First it's December with Ho! Ho! Ho!. Then it's January with Owe! Owe! Owe!.
If you value your life as much as I value this car, don't touch it!
Paul - cool, calm and handsome, a quality only found in gays.
Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check!
I am Zsa Zsa of Borg. Prepare to be assimilated dahling.
Thought for the day: Some days you are the bug; some days you are the windscreen.
I used to be a schizophrenic until they cured me, now I'm just lonely.
The concept of using real money, instead of credit or debit, to make a purchase is foreign to you.
So he pulls it out and she grabs hold of it and starts shaking it.
Confucius say...Man who wants pretty nurse, must be patient.
The average bank teller loses about $250 every year.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
Sometimes I think I understand everything, but then I regain consciousness.
Conscience: that inner voice which warns us that someone may be looking. - H.
How many vegetables had to die to make your salad!?
What's the difference between anal sex and a microwave oven?
If you do not know what you're doing, do it neatly.
For those of you who have children, and don't know it, we have a nursery downstairs.
The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.
Fame: Chiefly a matter of dying at the right moment.
Woman who cooks beans and peas in same pot very unsanitary.
Be aware of what is going on around you by staying in condition yellow.
What's the quietest place in the world? The complaint department at the parachute packing plant.
What if the Hubble telescope is right and the universe really is fuzzy ?
Good: Your wife likes outdoor sex. Bad: You live downtown.
By the time you realize what love can do, the damage has already been done.
Be yourself ... It's a dirty job, but somebody's got to do it.
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
I drive the speed limit. If you don't like it call a cop!
If mathematically you end up with the incorrect answer, try multiplying by the page number.
Maintainer's Motto: If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
I shave before I weigh myself, in order to get a truer reading.
It is better to be on the ground wishing you were flying, than vice versa.
Heroes have an infinite capacity for stupidity. Thus are legends born.
Borrow money from a pessimist. He doesn't expect to get it back.
Radios will fail as soon as you need fire support.
HELP: Cops are after a suspect who smart, witty, sexy and good lookin...so where you gonna hide ME?
They laughed when I said I'd be a comedian. They aren't laughing now.
All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.
Be politically incorrect. Support the Constitution.
When you make phone calls from home, you accidentally insert a 9 to get an outside line.
One guy threw in his hand and the other three laughed their heads off.
Lou goes to the doctor's office complaining of not feeling well.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Red meat is GOOD for you. Fuzzy blue-green meat is BAD...
The only sure way to find bargain prices at an auction, is to consign your antiques there.
Exercise v. To walk up and down a mall, occasionally resting to make a purchase.
Observation: Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
Do something unusual today. Accomplish work on the computer.
Why do birds not fall out of trees when they sleep?
Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me?
The attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord.
Hangnail.....................What you hang your coat on.
A right attitude toward God fosters a right attitude toward your family.
If a black box in a plane is indestructible, why can't they make the whole plane out of it?
There's been another crime committed, round up the usual suspects.
If you melt dry ice in a pool and go swimming, will you get wet?
Real women don't have hot flashes, they have power surges.
If a funeral procession is at night, do the folks drive with their lights off?
To his shock and horror, there were twelve dinner guests seated around the table for his surprise birthday party.
How many of Professor Shockley's econ students does it take to change a light bulb?
Internal consistency is more highly valued than efficiency.
Funnybox - Funny Pictures and Funny Jokes for Everyone. The Best Humor Site on the Web.
Where do words go when you rub them off the blackboard.?
If at first you don't succeed, work for Microsoft.
Alan - shy but sensitive, gets screwed over by women.
Please excuse Jason for being absent yesterday. He had a cold and could not breed well.
St. Peter: The hinge is broken and it's your turn to fix it.. .
Honesty is the key to any relationship. If you can fake that, you're in.
Someone has to stick around and clean up the mess after them.
And God created CAT to be a companion to Adam. And Cat would not obey Adam.
Hand me that dolphin burger. Yeah, the one in styrofoam.
DEFINITION: Floating Control - A characteristic exhibited when you have to go to the restroom but cannot leave the computer.
Behind every successful man, there is a woman - And behind everyunsuccessful man, there are two!
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
If you ain't makin' waves, you ain't kickin' hard enough!
The man groaned but didn't budge. The usher became impatient.
Women are like computers -- even your smallest mistakes are stored in long-term memory for later retrieval.
What's the difference between a man and a yoghurt?
Every three minutes it tells you what great service you are getting.
It is hard to keep the radiator filled because of the leaking hose.
I honor my personality flaws for without them I would have no personality at all.
The Doc fixes him up with a pair of glasses and tells him to return in 2 weeks.
The world isn't really any worse, it's just that the news coverage is so much better.
The deadline is one week after the original deadline.
Who's bigger? Mr. Bigger or Mr. Bigger's baby! Mr. Bigger's baby because he is a little bigger!
All things scabbed and ulcerous, All pox both great and small.
Sex is nobody's business but the three people involved.
Well???? That's a hole in the ground. It even has water in it!
When there are sufficient funds in the checking account, checks take two weeks to clear.
Living: the best demonstration of victory over mortality.
He doesn't have much of a reputation, or so I've heard.
To forgive calls upon our love - to forget calls upon our strength.
I'd love to but, I have to study for a blood test...
NEGA-VIAGRA - Has the exact opposite effect of Viagra. Currently undergoing clinical trials on sitting U.S. presidents.
What did the fish say when he hit a concrete wall? Dam.
The Procrastinators Anonymous meeting has been postponed until further notice.
One who scratches ass should not bite fingernails.
I don't know what your problem is, but I bet it's hard to pronounce.
IN PRISON.......They allow your family and friends to visit.
Where do the characters go when I use my backspace or delete key to delete them on my PC?
You can always tell a psychologist, but you can't tell him (her) much.
Yard by yard it's very hard; inch by inch it's a cinch.
Copyright 2002 funSMS.net All rights reserved.
Never date a woman whose father calls her Princess.
If the course you wanted most has room for n students, you will be the n+1 to apply.
Am I ignorant or apathetic? I don't know and don't care!
The first point and click interface was Smith Wesson.
If ignorance is bliss, then tourists are in a constant state of euphoria.
The only difference between a Harley and a Hoover is the location of the dirtbag...
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
Why do people need a lot of money when they don't have any time to spend them?
Never miss a joke...Subscribe to our jokeoftheday newsletter !
I used to be lost in the shuffle. Now I just shuffle along with the lost.
Robinson Crusoe is the only man who's ever been able to get everything done by Friday.
Tax rich bachelors heavily; why should they be so happy?
If you have a headache, you don't love her anymore.
We should all help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy.
Would you let a bug escape because it did not bite you?
Actual radio conversation released by the Chief of Naval Operations,10-10-95.
If you're proud of your achievements, you're up on yourself.
Presented in no particular order by Dr. Kelly Addis, Jonathan Peelle, and Raj Stewart, May 2004.
Just reminding u there is a very fine line between hobby and mental illness.
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
You know, just once I'd like to meet an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
So they pooled their money, and got the cow from Minsk.
If swimming is good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Demonstrate mental superiority and mastery of all subjects.
I had just received my degree in Calcium Anthropology . . . the study of milkmen.
If all the world is a stage, where is the audience setting?
How do I set my Laser printer to Stun?
If staying in a haunted house, women should investigate any strange noises in their most revealing underwear.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
The wages of sin are eternal damnation. The hours are pretty good though.
Efforts in improving a programs user-friendliness invariably leads to improving the user's computer literacy.
Why do men have a hole at the end of their penis?
Admit nothing, deny everything and make counter-accusations.
SWEETHEART: Never mind that ! Now, I'm running my fingers thru your hair.
Couldn't pour water out of a boot with instructions on the heel.
No time for a bath? Wrap yourself in masking tape and remove the dirt by simply peeling it off.
Women need to cry. And they won't do it alone unless they know you can hear them.
In a colleagues diary, write in 10am: See how I look in tights.
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Watching television is like taking black spray paint to your third eye.
No matter how large and standardized the marketplace is, IBM can redefine it.
The Boston Symphony was performing Beethoven's Ninth.
Gloria, get into Hotmail, there are some great sites and links through their subscriptions!
I have a computer, a vibrator,  pizza delivery. Why should I leave the house?
If you can tell good advice from bad then you likely don't need any.
Why is it called the tourist season if we can't shoot them?
Baseball's law for life: They can't hit it if you stand there and hold it!
He who laughs last has likely misunderstood the joke.
Honk if you've never seen a gun fired from a moving vehicle.
You can develop great mental discipline, if you just put your mind to it.
If it doesn't make sense, it's either economics or psychology.
When you see the handwriting on the wall, you can bet you're in a public restroom.
It is better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for what you're not!
A philosopher always knows what to do until it happens to him.
Wellhung: Your face is pushing my glasses into my face. It hurts.
You unwrap Christmas gifts very carefully, so you can save and reuse the wrapping (and especially those bows) next year.
Live your life so that when you die, the preacher won't have to tell lies at your funeral.
Never joke with the ignorant. They take it seriously and think you're crazy.
Why is there a lock on the door to a 7-11? It is open 24 hours a day.
Oh well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it.
Every command which can be misunderstood, will be.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.
The hardest thing in life to learn is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
The amount of flak received on any subject is inversely proportional to the subject's true value.
They're all having a great time eating the cookies and watching episodes of South Park.
Don't worry about temptation -- as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
I assured her that I did, but simply couldn't recall anything about firemen in the Bible.
It's not that I'm antisocial, I'm just not friendly.
If the assumptions are wrong, the conclusions are not likely to be very good.
Just remember that you're unique, just like everybody else.
One murder makes a villain, millions make a hero.
Education is what you get from reading the small print; experience is what you get from not reading it.
Copyright2003-2004 EntRainbow.com All rights Reserved.
Its not just winning the game---its drinking the beer.
Stick to your talent and the cows will be well tended.
Fifteen minutes later, the dog came back with the correct answer.
Knowing without doing is like plowing without sowing.
Synonym: A word you use when you can't spell the one you're looking for.
You should always write your name on your underwear. See, I'm Machine Wash Cold.
He said ... Why don't you tell me when you have an orgasm?
Control key, the Command Key, the Return Key, and the Power On Key.
The best-looking woman on your flight is never seated next to you.
One reason to smile is that every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls a hamstring.
Help beautify our dumps. Throw away something pretty.
Political panjandrums prologize pedantic paronomasia.
The oldest squad car won't be retired. It will be assigned to you.
You can fool some of the people some of the time, and that is sufficient.
I'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
Microsoft disse: Bug sia ! ...e Windows fu.
I am an escapee of a political correction facility.
When you're not the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
If you don't know where you are goin', you will probably not wind up there..
No matter which checkout line you get in, it will always be the slowest one.
How they can get older but still manage to remain immature.
If I had known I would live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
None. If the light bulb needed changing the market would have already done it!
I'm young enough to know better but old enough not to give a damn!
I used to cry for I had no shoes to wear until I saw a man with no feet.
The one thing worse than a quitter is the one who is afraid to begin.
What is the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
If you don't have anything nice to say about anyone.....
Happiness comes through doors you didn't even know you left open.
The VD clinic has you on a Buy One Get One Free program.
Galaxy condoms - Why have rubber when you can have silk.
Hare's Law of Large Programs -Inside every large program is a small program struggling to get out.
Please, Lord, let me prove that winning the lottery won't spoil me.
STAR: A performer who makes more than his or her agent. Also SUPERSTAR: A performer who makes more than Guatemala.
Bad pussy: Roseanne, Janet Reno, Madeline Albright.
Anything is edible if it is chopped finely enough.
I'll race you to China. You can have a head start. Ready, set, GO!
Two can live as cheaply as one--for half as long.
They're not cheap, but when you get them home they blow themselves up.
Hard work has a future payoff, but laziness pays off now.
When your kid says math "came easy" today, you ask if it was a 4,6,8 or 10.
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?
I'd install windows, but I'd kinda like to have programs, too.
Would it save you some time if I just gave up and went mad now?
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
Never confuse having a career with having a life.
Honest ociffer, there's no blood in my alcohol content!
If at first you don't succeed, you probably didn't really care anyway.
Guys have feelings too. But like . . . who cares?
Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.
Rawbert: Teesre ka naam Chang Lee kyo boss?
I don't say we all ought to misbehave, but we ought to look as if we could.
A theory is no more like a fact than a photograph is like a person.
Cop-out number 1. You should have seen it when I got it.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
When I'm finally holding all the cards, why does everyone decide to play chess?
If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got.
The dawn of legibility in his handwriting reveals his utter incapacity to spell.
If you want a kitten, start out asking for a horse.
I got tired of calling the movies to listen to what is playing so I bought the album.
You're about as subtle as an axe between the eyes.
When I get to where I'm going, will somebody please tell me where I am?
Learning to love yourself is the greatest love of all...
And the old man enjoyed peace and serenity for the rest of his days.
I think drinking and driving is terrible. You always spill it when you change gears...
Real Trekkies work out at the He's Dead Gym.
Weiler's Law: Nothing is impossible for the man who does not have to do it himself.
There are two rules for success in life: 1. Don't tell people everything you know.
Copyright 1998, JustJoking.com All rights reserved.
Does the Postmaster General need a stamp of approval?
The best way to accelerate Windows is at escape velocity.
Sweet Revenge! Slap one of these "I LOVE PORN" MAGNETIC bumper signs on their car.
Out of the mouths of babes - too often comes cereal.
Don't listen to critics-- do what has to be done.
Windows has the ability to screw up 2 things at the same time !
Then Q met Lorena - after which he was known as O.
Even if the early bird gets the worm, the second mouse gets the cheese.
The other day I phoned my local pizza delivery firm and asked for a thin and crusty supreme.
Dear Abby, My mother is mean and short-tempered. I think she is going through her mental pause.
You can't remember the last time you laid on the floor to watch television.
I'm in total control, but please don't tell my wife.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll fix it until it is.
Smile: A curve that can set a lot of things straight.
WELLHUNG: I suddenly sneeze 3 times. Must be your cologne. I'm allergic. Your breasts are all covered with spit.
What is the difference between government bonds and men?
What do you call Santa's helpers? - Subordinate Clauses.
When in doubt, predict that the present trend will continue.
You know someone who owns a motel or a convenience store.
You know you're getting old when you stop buying green bananas.
Psychic convention cancelled due to unforeseen problems....
A well-adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
Welcome to WYOMING. Frankly, we don't give a damn how you did it back home.
Baseball is wrong. Man with four balls cannot walk!
Radio Hallam: Sorry, that's the wrong answer, we'll go to the next caller.
The degree of technical competence is inversely proportional to the level of management.
Every action of our lives touches some chord that will vibrate through eternity.
Why do women always do their make up at the lights?
CATS Women love cats. Men say they love cats, but when women aren't looking, men kick cats.
They were born the year that Sony introduced the Walkman.
DEFINITION: Password- The nonsense word taped to the CRT.
Nuke 'em till they glow, then shoot 'em in the dark!
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first. - Ernestine Ulmer.
Two --- but no one can figure out how they got in there.
Biotech Veggies? ATTACK OF THE KILLER TOMATOES was a documentary!
Caroline - into threesomes. Likes doggy style. Always up for it.
COMPUTER.COM installed. SEXLIFE.EXE removed from memory.
First, we postulate that if souls exist, then they must have some mass.
Sure, when...OINK FLAP OINK FLAP...well, I'll be damned!
I came into this world fat and bald and I intend to go out the same way.
Solomon, one of David's sons, had 300 wives and 700 porcupines.
SINGAPOREAN DEMOCRACY: You have two cows. The government fines you for keeping two unlicensed farm animals in an apartment.
Golf was once a rich man's sport, but now it has millions of poor players.
The ventilation system of any building is the perfect hiding place.
You know a slick isn't a grease spot or oily residue.
If you get to thinkin youre a person of some influence, try orderin somebody elses dog around.
Your first custom-made personalized jewelry was dog-tags.
The combat worth of a unit is inversely proportional to the smartness of its outfit and appearance.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
The time for action is past! Now is the time for senseless bickering!
A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do.
When someone says, 'Do you want my opinion?' it is always a negative one.
Fifth, and last remember that whatever you do in life, 90 percent of it is half mental.
Women with PMS - 24 ... Why 24? ... It just does, dammit!!
Firefighting is like sex; size, equipment, and technique are all important.
There is something about a closet that makes a skeleton restless.
I'm a workalcoholic. Whenever I think of work I get thirsty.
Sorry, I don't date outside my species.No radio - Already stolen.
Bang on the left side of your computer to restart Windows.
You always look phone numbers up in the phone book, since calling Information costs 50 cents.
Take care of your character and your reputation will take care of itself.
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Killing for peace is like screwing for virginity.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
This [send money] is a [send money] subliminal [send money] message.
Contractor -- A gambler who never gets to shuffle, cut or deal.
Always try to drive so that your license will expire before you do.
The surest way to convey misinformation is to tell the strict truth.
Oh, no! I forgot all about the Amnesia Conference!!
If we don't succeed, we can either learn or fail. The choice is ours.
The kids drive me crazy. I drive them everywhere.
If you think that OSHA is a small town in Wisconsin, you're in trouble.
Growing old is inevitable. Growing up is optional.
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you?
Kiss my ass, and do it fast,suck my dick and do it quick.
Buses stop at bus stations and trains stop at train stations. . . Why is my desk is called a workstation?
With her marriage, she got a new name and a dress.
Just because you're smart does not mean that the other guy is stupid.
If Jesus and Satan both had a mailbox, who would get more mail and why?
Judging from the kitchen, he seems to be working on some kind of land mine technology.
If at first you don't succeed, try again. Then give up; no use being a damn fool about it.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else.
Ajit: Typing to nahi atee, kamsekam shaarthand to seekh legi.
Autopsy of the last mouse left on your doormat reveals tattoo to be blueprint of the UN Building.
An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.
I cried because I had no shoes, until I met a man who had no socks.
Real men don't waste their hormones growing hair.
Regular naps prevent old age... especially if you take them while driving.
Einstein couldn't speak fluently when he was nine. His parents thought he might be retarded.
In closing, I want to quote myself again: Thank you Montclair State University, for making this day necessary.
On a group of beautiful deserted islands in the middle of nowhere, the following people are stranded...
Oh yea? If you're so smart, why don't I understand you?
They have no idea when or why Jordache jeans were cool.
I attempted to kill a fly, and I drove into a telephone pole.
Did you hear about the baby born with both sexes?
Run into the computer lab, shout Armageddon is here!!!, then calmly sit down.
Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.
Your idea of being organized is multiple colored post-it notes.
Why is the third hand on a watch called a second hand?
There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics.
We should limit congressmen to two terms: one in Congress, one in prison.
How many honest, intelligent, caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes?
You get winded from exercising your right to vote.
Click the radio button next to your answer then select 'Rate Me' at the end.
I FOUND JESUS...he's in the truck of my car...you can see him for five dollars.
Education is to prepare humanity for dehumanization.
The bell hath sounded. Thou must leave a message.
Marriage is bliss. Ignorance is bliss. Therefore ...
If you drink enough wine, it doesn't matter how bad it is.
Don't complain about the beer. You'll be old and weak yourself one day.
Bacteria, n.: the only culture some people have.
First Law of Laboratory Work: Hot glass looks exactly the same as cold glass.
If you cannot read this, please ask the flight attendant for assistance.
DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.
Copyright  2004 iPromote Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
I parked in the tow-away zone, and when I got back, the entire neighborhood was gone.
If it can be borrowed and it can be broken, you will borrow it and you will break it.
So, for the rest of his life, this poor little boy grows up thinking all women have teeth down below.
There is a difference between an open mind and a hole in the head.
MILITARIANISM: You have two cows. The government takes both an drafts you.
It is always the best policy to speak the truth--unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
Why is there only one company making the game Monopoly?
Sex is like air, it's only bad when your not getting any.
Three blondes are walking in the woods. They come across a set of tracks.
Why does a cowboy have two spurs? If one side of the horse goes, so does the other.
She died laughing before she could tell anybody.
If anything simply cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
There are 3 kinds of lies in this world: lies, damn lies and statistics.
What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic? Sanka.
Light travels faster than sound. Is that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?
You learn about your redundancy on the 11 o'clock news.
Visions of the upcoming weekend help you make it through Monday.
You should have listened to what I should have said.
She'll kiss you one minute, then turn up her nose.
If you're in a car going at the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?
This is what I do for fun. Can you imagine my job?
I've learned not to put things in my mouth that are bad for me.
My mind is like a blotter: Soaks it up, gets it backwards.
You don't know anything about a woman until you meet her in court.
What city do witches always pick for their annual convention? Wichita, Kansas!
When your parents meet strangers and talk for a few minutes, you discover you're talking to a distant cousin.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
The "think positive" leader tends to listen to his subordinate's premonitions only during the postmortems.
A person who is nice to you but rude to the waiter is not a nice person.
When it gets to be your turn, they change the rules.
Why do people without a watch look at their wrist when you ask them what time it is?
Four - Stay fit. When you're 600 years old, someone may ask you to do something really big.
Oliver North:  National security was at stake.
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
I couldn't repair my brakes, so I made the horn louder.
I'm finished with Judy!" Jon exclaimed to his friend. "She broke down and told me she was bisexual.
Electricians are qualified to remove anyone's shorts!
It takes fewer muscles to smile than to frown, and even fewer still to ignore them completely.
Steffi - closet lesbian, maintains heterosexual relationship for effect.
I used to be an atheist but I gave it up. No holidays.
Laundry: A place where clothes are mangled or disappear.
It took an hour to bury the cat; silly thing kept moving.
Man who speaks with forked tongue should not kiss balloon.
Tolerance: Suspicion the other person may be right.
Smoking cures weight problems . . . eventually . . .
Powers? I don't need no stinking powers, I've got a plasma rifle!
Never before have so few puked so much on so many.
I'm pro choice, I choose to hunt, trap, eat meat and wear fur.
I only feel stress two times a day, day and night.
You didn't find anything? I found that there was nothing.
My doctor told me I have high brood pleasure, or maybe it was blood pressure, whatever.
I have a plan so cunning, you could put a tail on it and call it a weasel.
Not our activity for Him but our captivity to Him!
Stop reading my bumper stickers and pay attention to the road!
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
Apologize, v.i. To lay the foundation for a future offense.
You've already calculated how much you make per second.
Suburbia: where they pull out the trees then name streets after them.
How can I get in your way when you don't even have one?
The term 'making out' referred to how you did on your school exam.
A Goethe is a steel beam; a Joyce is a wooden one.
I made a mistake once: I thought I was wrong but I wasn't.
Lose weight - put a scale in front of the 'frig.
What's the real reason Bob Dole endorses viagra? It keeps him from rolling out of bed!
When they don't forget about food and drink, both are terrible.
If someone with multiple personalities threatens suicide....is it considered a hostage situation?
Wellhung: I'm drying the cup. Now I'm putting it back in the cabinet.
Following our Littlewoods promotion with another great.
What's the difference between a Porcupine and a Porsche?
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; others bring happiness whenever they go.
Said it was the most violent thing he had ever read.
This article is reproduced with the kind permission of the author.
If written correctly, legalese is perfectly incomprehensible.
If you understood everything I said, you'd be me!
Never let an aircraft take you somewhere your brain didn't get to five minutes earlier.
Early to bed, early to rise makes people suspicious.
Tires never go flat when the gravity wagon is empty.
I won't rise to the occaasion, but I'll slide over to it.
It is folly to punish your neighbor by fire when you live next door.
When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate!
Why do married women complain about their husbands so much?
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.
If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero.
If a computer can have only one vacuum tube, it might as well be a really big one.
Anxiety: Nature's way of getting you up mornings.
Men who treat women as helpless and charming playthings deserve women who treat men as delightful and generous bank accounts.
What was the tow truck doing at the race track? Pulling a fast one!
Did you just fart or did you always smell that way?
Anything not worth doing is not worth doing well.
If you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit.
WELLHUNG: Watch the barbecue spots, some of them are still wet.
Never mind the bullet with your name on it, try to avoid the shrapnel addressed to occupant.
I see they're having a sale at Beachy Head. Buy one jumper get two free.
If you took all the stupid people in the world... you'd have formed Rhode Island.
Most computer problems are caused by a loose nut between the chair and the keyboard.
Agnostic pagan : one who doubts the existence of many gods.
Studies show that 3/4 of people make up 75% of the population.
Once the graphics interface is written, there is no more room for the data.
Why do a Pilgrim's pants always fall down? Because he wears his belt buckle on his hat.
Whoever tries for great objects must suffer something.
The next week she encloses a note to the Chinaman "use more soap on panties".
What's the difference between circumcision and crucifixion?
FunnyMail.com - free jokes, cartoons, funny pictures, games, and more!
It wasn't school John disliked, it was just the principal of it.
Melissa - eats dogs, been in prison 6 times for burglary.
Did you hear about the male prostitute who got leprosy?
Eagles may fly, but weasels aren't sucked into jets.
You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose.
The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers.
Be torke migan ba najib jomleh besaz mige: shalvar e man na zip dareh najib.
Maybe it was something your mother took during pregnancy.
Sex is a misdemeanor. . . The more I miss it, the meaner I get!!
Critical Path Method -- A management technique for losing your shirt while remaining perfectly in control.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
This Vehicle Swerves and Hits Pedestrians at Random.
I tried an internal modem, but it hurt when I walked.
Ellie - far too attractive for the swear words that come out of her mouth.
Daughter: Ok, for starters, how did you get their cum out of your hair?
Why do people believe that pushing an elevator or drink machine button several times will bring the car/drink faster ?
Why is it called a dish-washer if you have to wash the dishes before you put them in?
My dog was student of the month in obedience class.
I asked Mom if I was a gifted child ... she said they certainly wouldn't have paid for me.
Don't waste money buying expensive binoculars. Simply stand closer to the object you wish to view.
The DREA Law: Under the most rigorously controlled conditions, the experimental apparatus will do exactly as it pleases.
A statesman shears the sheep. A politician skins them.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.
Ah well, says the piece of string, strange world, and off he goes with the drinks.
Birthdays only come once a year ... aren't you glad you're not a birthday?
The effective radius of a hand grenade is greater then the average grunt can throw it.
All vacations and holidays create problems, except for one's own.
It's okay for women to dance with each other, but you don't see men dancing together.
To spot the expert, pick the one who charges the most money.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
Red meat isn't bad for you; fuzzy blue-green meat is.
The best pussy you have ever had is not gone once you have enjoyed it.
It's not a good idea to defuse a bomb using your favorite colors.
Come join everyone at our funny message forum! Post a joke, meet new friends, or just rant about your day!
SWIMMING POOL -- a mob of people with water in it.
A great idea needs landing gear, not just wings.
Computer programmers don't byte, they nibble a bit.
The liberal paranoids (if that's not redundant) are at it again.
Ever get the impression that most netsurfers are actually monkeys searching for Shakespeare?
At lunchtime, get down on your knees and announce As God is my witness, I'll never go hungry again.
If you have something to say, raise your hand. and place it over your mouth.
It had recently been discovered that diarrhea is hereditary. Apparently, it all runs in the jeans.
Those who say that a way to a man's heart is through his stomach are aiming too high!
Did you hear about the idiot who walked around the world? He drowned.
Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he just whipped out a quarter?
Two things the kids will never make for themselves.
You wouldn't care what people thought of you if you realized how seldom they do.
People who live in glass houses should get dressed in the basement.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
WARNING! DO NOT REMOVE THIS TAG UNDER PENALTY OF LAW!
What if you're in hell, and you're mad at someone, where do you tell them to go?
What would chairs look like if our knees were reversed?
They always tell you what to do and are usually wrong.
Man who run in front of car, get tired. - Man who run behind car, get exhausted.
When you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.
The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Alaska. Now Santa Claus is missing.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves.
Pocket calculator batteries that have lasted all semester will fail during the math final.
Alzheimer's center prepares for an affair to remember.
Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
There's no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.
If laughter is the best medicine, shouldn't we be regulating it?
Bore, n. A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
In order to know the value of money, a person should borrow it.
Did you hear about the big fight that Madonna, Cher, Jewel, and Fabio had?
You want it quick. You want it good. You want it cheap. Pick two and call me back.
There are three kinds of mathemeticians: those who can count, and those who can't.
He walks around the stadium and finds a roll of barbed wire.
I spent most of my money on booze, boats and broads... the rest I wasted.
You'd better get a bucket 'cause I think I'm going to be sick.
The weight of all of your equipment is proportional to the cube of the time you have been carrying it.
The best laid plans of mice and men are all filed away somewhere.
All my wife does is shop - once she was sick for a week, and three stores went under.
Men's Room, Linda's Bar and Grill, Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Why Did Pilgrims' Pants Always Fall Down? Because They Wore Their Belt Buckle On Their Hat.
Wen ya cain't 'member whut ya paid fer the rifle when yore wife asks.
I'm okay and you're okay, but I'm more okay than you are.
I'm a nobody and nobody is perfect so therefore I'm perfect.
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Trash your "To Do List"; you won't do it anyway.
Disassembly of a major component will invariably include a seized bolt.
On a front door: Everyone on the premises is a vegetarian except the dog.
What Happened to the fly on the toilet seat? He got pissed off!
Remember, the Ark was built by amateurs; the Titanic by professionals.
Anything that you do can get you shot - including doing nothing!
You can not fail while fighting. The only failure is in giving up.
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
You won't see them until the seeds have gone through the combine.
The theory of evolution was unpopular because it made men think.
It says Insert disk #3 but only two will fit!
Cleo and Caesar were the early stage names of Cher and Sonny Bono.
How can I be overdrawn? I still have checks left.
Isn't that weird??? Free will or synaptic wiring? You be the judge.
How does a man drunk save a woman from being attacked on the street at night?
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
WRINKLES: Something other people have. I have character lines.
Where can you buy the key to a lock of your hair?
Have we learned from our past, or merely about it?
The person who says he trusts no one should include himself.
Microsecond: The time it takes for your state-of-the-art computer to become obsolete.
You almost enjoy hearing about other people's operations.
Remember that failure is an event - not a person.
Imagine if instead of cryptic text strings, your computer produced error messages in haiku...
The room is silent; none of the other children volunteer.
A glossary of Medical Terms, and alternate meanings.
How many French horn players does it take to change a lightbulb?
Law of Selective Gravity: An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
Accomplishing the impossible means only the boss will add it to your regular duties.
I have one of those glass balls with the snow in it.
Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor: People are always available for work in the past tense.
When somebody's "fixin" to do something, it won't be long.
You're not a real person until you're ignored by a cat.
It's WORSE than you think, and they ARE out to get you.
If it doesn't fit, force it; if it breaks, it needed replacement anyway.
Cogito eggo sum: I think, therefore I am a waffle.
What is the difference between a man and a catfish?
Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's acorn that held its ground.
Instrumental in ruining entire operation for a Midwest chain store.
Business school ethic - if it doesn't double by next Thursday, blow it off.
Apparently the U.S. were turned down when they offered to help Russia out with the Kursk submarine rescue mission.
It is, after all, only a moment in the infinity of time.
I refuse to believe that YOU are the product of 2 million years of natural selection!
I've taken a vow of poverty. To annoy me send money.
Old programmers never die; they just give up their resources.
I ordered a hamburger with nothing on it, but I still ate it with relish.
The presence of trouble does not mean the absence of God.
Avoid parking tickets by leaving your windscreen wipers turned to 'fast wipe' whenever you leave your car parked illegally.
Do not take rat poison from the hand that criticizes you.
You can't fight the law of conservation of energy but you sure can bargain with it.
Dear Santa, all I want is your list of naughty girls.
Support National Motherhood Week - make one today!
True or false: Many people sleep better in their street clothes than they do in their pajamas.
Foolproof systems don't take into account the ingenuity of fools.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
No longer young enough to know it all, I now have to work for a living.
Timing has a lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance.
I think it's because light travels faster then sound that some people look bright until they talk.
Those who can't laugh at themselves leave the job to others.
Ask a mother who has given birth to a premature baby.
Im a bomb technition, if you see me running, try to keep up.
We serve only the finest California wines. Did you bring any?
A man is leaning out the window of his apartment.
If a vegetarian is someone who eats vegetables, what does that make a humanitarian?
EIGHT-FOOT LONG DOUGLAS FIR 2X4: Used for levering a car upward off a hydraulic jack.
People have one thing in common: they are all different.
Copyright 2001-2002. All rights reserved - Funzonet.
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.
God gave us time so that everything wouldn't happen all at once.
College is a fountain of knowledge, and the students are there to drink.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
To some its a six-pack, to me it's a Support Group.
If you have to travel on a Titanic, why not go first class?
I am not stupid. Everyone else is just smarter than me.
I poured Spot remover on my dog. Now hes gone.
People who love sausage and respect the law should never watch either of them being made.
Pirate: I have mah trusty Opera browsa to help me fend em off.
Why is the plural of goose-geese, and not the plural of moose-meese?
Meanwhile, back at the ranch, tension mounted and rode off.
What's the difference between Margaret Thatcher and Edwina Currie?
Time for culture, gone Chopin, Bach in a minuet.
It wasn't broken until I started playing with it.
Good conversation depends on how much one can afford to take for granted. - O.
If you make it idiot proof, someone will make a better idiot.
DUTIES WILL VARY: Anyone in the office can boss you around.
If you drop something out of your sewing basket, it will be your box of pins .... with the cover off.
If you dont like my driving, stay off the footpath.
Don't confuse me with facts, my mind's already made up!
The naked truth of it is that I'm wearing no undershirt.
Why did CNN cancel that cool "Desert Storm" show?
Always give 100% at work: 12% Mon. 23% Tues. 40% Wed. 20% Thurs. 5% Fri.
What do they call a female sex change operation?
Melanie - can hold two bar vacuum orally indefinitely.
The happy and the powerful never willingly go into exile.
Lobotomize? You'll get a piece of my mind if you do!
Microwave ovens always overcook and undercook at the same time.
Why did the blonde couple only have four children?
Any generator started and tested before a storm will fail as soon as the power fails.
I would like to go full speed ahead, but I'm married to a speed bump.
You can't become a martyr every time you get ticked off.
Smile... people will wonder what you've been up to.
A diet is a selection of food that makes other people lose weight.
What did the Jewish paedophile say to the little kids?
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.
How else could you get EVERY PERSON IN THE ROOM to visualize giving you head?
There sure would be a lot of kids to explain, wouldn't there?
Sleep: that annoying interval before the next cup of coffee.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Ensign Walnut approaches Dr. Crusher with caution.
If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books.
My wife says I'm too into the X-Files. Dammit! They've gotten to her!
The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria.
If you do something you'll regret in the morning... SLEEP TILL NOON!
An instruction book didn't come with Spaceship Earth.
If you understand something today, it must be obsolete.
Given a chance, matches will find a way to get wet.
I was a peripheral visionary. I could see the future, but only way off to the side.
Last night I stayed up late playing poker with Tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
If enough data is collected, anything can be proven by statistical methods.
It is always better to sacrifice your opponent's men.
What has eighteen legs and catches flies? A baseball team!
You communicate with peopel on other continents more than you do with your own neighbors.
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.
Why do we call it a hot water heater if the water is already hot?
If a parsley farmer is sued can they garnish his wages?
What's the definition of irreconcilable differences?
It is not the difference between people that is the difficulty; it is the indifference.
You think that crushing beer cans on your forehead will attract your kind of woman. (Trouble is, it usually works).
Being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of Halloween.
Mr. Worf, fire at will. *BZZZT* Hey, where'd Riker go?
When all else fails, admit i'm right and kiss my ass.
The blonde replies You are on the other side.
Anybody who claims that marriage is a fifty-fifty proposition doesn't know the first thing about women or fractions.
You think an Indian businessman will give you a better deal because he's Indian.
Someone read some of these jokes and advised me not to quit my day job. Too late.
Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade!
An apple a day keeps the doctor away... so does having no medical insurance.
The trouble with political jokes is that they get elected.
The Lord will either spare you from suffering or give you the grace to bear it.
Fer sell cheep: Micrasuft Spel chekker. Wurks grate.
WorkingFolks-OfficeHumor-6Pages!
Cars that crash will almost always burst into flames.
I'm not a complete idiot - several parts are missing.
On my walls I have pictures of the rooms on the second floor, so I never have to go upstairs.
A nice box of chocolates provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?
If God seems farther from us today than He did yesterday, we should know who has moved.
Difference between tax avoiding and evasion is 10 Years.
Your first aerobics class was a mandatory P.T. formation.
Just when you think you've finally hit the bottom, someone tosses you a shovel.
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
The area of level ground in the neighborhood tends to vanish as the need to make camp becomes finite.
Somewhere over the rainbow the exact same shit is happening.
After working out, I feel like a 20-year old. Unfortunately, there's never one around.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? It's easier to run with your kilt up than your pants down!
Laughing stock is really cattle with a sense of humor.
State of the Art: What we could do with enough money.
I considered atheism but there weren't enough holidays.
I don't approve of political jokes... I've seen too many of them get elected.
You can lead a horticulture but you can't make her think.
Do you have your own database of common phrases? Do you want us to use it on our site?
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive.
Why do people I follow think that they are paranoid?
Have you had a significant new idea of your own lately?
Reality is an illusion caused by lack of alcohol.
If you have to ask, you are not entitled to know.
The most difficult thing to open is a closed mind.
I saw a slow-moving, sad-faced old gentleman as he bounced off the hood of my car.
Cats must attend all meals when anything good is served.
This website is not intended for readers under 13 years of age.
I truly believe that all deadlines are unreasonable regardless of the amount of time given.
Error in REALITY.SYS down, Run BIG_BANG.EXE (Y/N)?
Do you think you could drive better if you stuck that phone UP YOUR ASS?
It takes a million nuts to build a car - and only one to wreck it!
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back?
They couldn't repair my brakes, so they made my horn louder.
Hugs are not measured by quantity; they are measured by quality.
You know that a draft is much more than an annoying breeze.
He who loses his head is usually the last one to miss it.
If you can smile when things go wrong then you have someone in mind to blame.
Now there's a man with an open mind - you can feel the breeze from here!
For those who have a Mon-key, this is not funny.
I would like you to take this knife out of my back.
I don't have a drinking problem - I drink, I fall over. - NO PROBLEM.
Hobbes: Isn't your pants' zipper supposed to be in the front?
Twenty-four hours in a day. Twenty-four beers in a case. Coincidence?
Those who talk don't know, those who know don't talk......
Kitman's Law: Pure drivel tends to drive away ordinary drivel.
Question #7: What trivia fact about Mel Blanc (the voice ofBugs Bunny) is most ironic?
Attempt to get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade!
The most valuable quotation will be the one for which you cannot determine the source.
HOUSEWORK never killed anyone, but why take the chance!!
The complete lack of evidence is the surest sign that the conspiracy is working.
For every guy who marries for money, there is a gal who marries for alimony.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
Dynamic linking error. Your mistake is now in every file.
Getting out of jury duty is easy. The trick is to say you're prejudiced against all races.
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget the book.
A babe is an angel whose wings decrease as his legs increase.
Honest is the best policy, but insanity is the better defense.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.
I have a vitally important role serving as a bad example.
He who plants trees loves others he will never know.
Non-smoking area: If we see you smoking we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action.
Climate is what we expect. Weather is what we get.
I'd kill Flipper for a good tuna sandwich right now.
If he were any more stupid, he'd have to be watered twice a week.
I met the surgeon general ... He offered me a cigarette.
Harness her to the ceiling, position over you, ROTATE!
Joining nudist colony, must sell washer  dryer - $300.
Why did the Polish ice factory go out of business?
Anything you do can get you killed, including nothing.
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
I do a lot of thinking in the john. Says a lot for my thoughts.
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
I put the TV on mute, but the O'Reilly Factor still woke me up from my nap.
Attend Gainesville's exciting annual Paint Drying Festival.
If quitters never win and winners never quit, what fool came up with, Quit while you're ahead?
All rights reversed. Printed on 100% recycled electrons. 94% fat-free. Dolphin-safe.
I think - therefore I don't listen to Dan Rather.
If it doesn't seem to be worth the effort it probably isn't.
Sian - does mean sheep impression, hates mint sauce.
Of one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest drown too?
Assmosis: The process by which some people seem to absorb success and advancement by kissing up to the boss.
Drag this link onto your Home button to make this your Home Page.
Do not meddle with the Forces of Nature, for you are small, insignificant, and bio-degradable.
President of the Bank of International Settlement?
You always get the last word if you argue alone.
I only remember important things, whatever they were.
If you died with braces on would they take them off?
Now, this is where the sympathetic part comes in. On the way out, I pat the dog.
This is a one-liner mirror This is not a dress rehearsal; it's real life.
What is soft and warm when you go to bed , but hard and stiff when you wake up ?
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes. The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
Many a crown of wisdom is but the golden champerpot of success worn with pompous dignity.
I brought a mirror to Lovers' Lane. I told everybody I'm Narcissus.
The continents names all end with the same letter with which they start.
My wife made me join a bridge club. I jump off next Tuesday.
The next morning John came down to breakfast bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. The manager asked him how he survived.
After silence, music comes closest to expressing the inexpressible.
Did you hear about the man who took a course of iron tablets along with Viagra?
All computers run at the same speed... with the power off.
I don't get a fair whack, I don't pursue vendettas or punch people on the nose.
Go for younger men. You might as well, they never mature anyway.
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
Speed isn't always an advantage. The cheetahs were on board but...
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed.
When there are insufficient funds, checks clear overnight.
Divide the number of servings by two when reading the directions for reconstituting anything freeze-dried.
Error loading GOD.SYS (A)bort or (U)nzip BIGBANG.ZIP.
CONSULTANT: Person who makes good on salesman's promises!
All Rights Reserved -  - age-net.co.uk, 2003.
Everyone has photographic memory...some don't have film!
If you can read this you're either too close or my bumper fell off again.
After three years of marriage, Kim was still questioning her husband about his lurid past.
The factory worked well until we put people in it.
I'm still waiting for the Psychic Network to call ME.
Illiterate? Of course not! My parents were married.
Sex is evil, evil is sin, sins are forgiven, so stick it back in.
Can I have your number, I'll call you when my dog is in heat.
I got food poisoning today. I don't know when I'll use it.
An extremely good catalyst for dispersion of wealth.
I may not be perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
How does the guy that drives the snowplow get to work?
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
I heard that you were a Ladykiller. They take one look at you and die of shock.
A budget is something we go without to stay within.
Technicality: Someone else's constitutional rights.
Sign on a radiator repair shop: Best place to take a leak.
LOAD Windows95,1,1 ...Press play on tape...
A child will perform from their mind for their coach/teacher, but for a parent they perform from their heart.
Before the flight, the passengers get together and elect a pilot.
ENVIRONMENTALISM: You have two cows. The government bans you from milking or killing them.
I have NOT lost my mind - I have it backed up on tape somewhere.
Surprise is an event that takes place in the mind of a commander.
When was the last time you felt as free and innocent as a child?
Those who jump to conclusions often land in ignorance.
QUALITY ASSURANCE INSPECTORS ignore the elephants and look for mistakes the other hunters made when they were packing the jeep.
How many conservative economists does it take to change a light bulb?
What is a zebra? 25 sizes larger than an "A" bra.
I had just been assigned to a new group and was introducing myself.
He's dead, Jim. Kick him if you don't believe me.
While riding an elevator, gasp dramatically every time the doors open.
You may never know who is right, but you always know who'se in charge.
Kill, v.t. To create a vacancy without nominating a successor.
If you climb in the saddle, be ready for the ride.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
The usefulness of any meeting is in inverse proportion to the attendance.
We were born naked, wet and hungry. Then things got worse.
Trust is like money; you spend it, you save it, you lend it, and sometimes you get robbed.
Practice makes perfect, but no one's perfect, so why practice?
You comment to your wife that her straight hair is nice and parallel.
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
What do you call a skeleton who won't do anything? Lazy Bones!
On one hand, I'm indecisive; but on the other, I'm not.
The problem is not if machines think, but if people do.
Give a jackass an education and you get a smartass.
The soul would have no beauty if the eyes had no tears.
The difficulty with a research grant is that if you solve the problem, you're out of a job.
Rawbert: Boss! Aaap ko kaun si teen chiz sabse jyada pasand hein?
To love for the sake of being loved is human; to love for the sake of loving is angelic.
Remind me to have more signs printed up. Give this guy his!
Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.
There's no such thing as a free lunch, but you can always find someone willing to treat.
Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.
If you sprinkle when you tinkle, be a sweetie and wipe the seatie.
What did the fish say when it slammed into a cement wall?
Don't never interfeer with something that ain't botherin' you none.
Accidents don't just happen; they must be carelessly planned.
Helen - loves sleeping and alcohol and is work shy.
Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for my friends deep inside the earth.
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
Integrity is like oxygen - the higher you climb, the less there is of it.
Sattinger's Law: It works better if you plug it in.
Pop Idol: Gareth Gates got stopped for drink-driving last night.
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
If you are reading this, you have a copy in front of you.
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life unless I buy something.
I got a new car for my wife. Best trade I ever made.
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee.
Make three correct guesses consecutively and you will establish yourself as an expert.
There's a fifty per cent chance of anything. Either it will happen or it won't.
I finally thought I had it made and they threw something else at me.
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
Mothers of teenagers know why animals eat their young.
I hope this has cleared up any misconceptions you may have had.
Advice is free: The right answer will cost plenty.
You wonder if brewing is *really* a necessary step for the consumption of coffee.
How many New Agers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Sometimes a majority only means that all the fools are on the same side.
It is always darkest just before you step on the cat.
In education, the shortest distance between two points is a downward spiral.
The person with the least expertise has the most options.
Some days it's just not worth gnawing through the leather straps.
The number of mosquitoes at any given location is inversely proportional to the amount of repellent that remains.
Due to financial problems, the light at the end of the tunnel will be shut down until further notice.
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
If you think the system is working, ask someone who isn't.
Drive A: format failure, formatting C: instead...
The most powerful force in the universe is gossip.
Here, for your amusement, are the exploits of the many disfunctional cats I've had the pleasure of knowing.
Matrimony: The high sea for which no compass has yet been invented.
Bottle caps have always been screw off and plastic.
Young gorillas are friendly, but they soon learn.
A collection of humorous articles at the expense of the English language.
DISCLAIMER: These are plagiarized from numerous sources. Don't sue me. I'm poor.
Time flies like the wind; fruit flies like bananas.
Surprised and excited he agrees. While their getting at all hot and heavy, she grabs his balls and squeezes.
COM program murdered. "Bits everywhere" says witness.
If your Captain can see you then so can the public.
The M.O.S.F.E.T (marzipan on surface fairy-cake / eclair technology) Transistor, Alternative guide...
If a cop smells beer on your breath, you are going to get a breathalyzer.
There is no substitute for a genuine lack of preparation.
Organizers of National Orgasm Week were disappointed to learn that the majority of women polled just pretended to celebrate.
I decided to lose weight because my underwear was suffering from elastic fatigue.
The things that come to those that wait may be the thing left by those who got there first.
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer.
Do not worry about whether or not the sun will shine. Just be prepared to enjoy it.
No one ever falls in love with another person's mind at a cocktail party.
In Hawaiian, does it take more than three words to say "I love you"?
When everything seems to be going against you, remember the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Evan - a little slow but sweet, sexy, and model mental patient.
Being politically correct means always having to say you're sorry.
Enter your E-MAIL address BELOW for FREE daily JOKES by E-MAIL!
O Oysters come and walk with us, the Walrus did beseech.
You set my heart aflame. In other words, you give me heartburn.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as fterward.
The differences between a redneck, a good ol' boy, and trailer trash.
If at first you don't succeed, vigorously deny that you were even trying.
See the trailer and visit the official site for the fishy animated comedy movie.
Between you and me, we ought to be able to get this lady pregnant.
He who lives to run away will live to run another day (the best strategy is being somewhere else).
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7 of your life.
God couldn't find three wise men an a virgin in Italy.
Why bother phoning a psychic? - let 'em phone you!
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but two Wrights made an airplane.
Plan ahead: It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark!
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.
Capitalism can exist in one of two states: Welfare, and Warfare.
May your trouble be like the old man's teeth...few and far between.
Webmistress' Note--This was sent via fax a several years ago, circa 1996. Therefore the author's information is unknown.
The sky is falling . . . no, I'm tipping over backwards.
Sado-masochism means not having to say you're sorry.
An optimist is simply a pessimist with no job experience.
What's the difference between gaffer taping a hamster and gaffer taping an elephant?
What is the probability that something will happen according to the odds?
I bought some batteries... but they weren't included... so I had to buy them again...
The Vietnam War is as ancient history to them as W.W.I, W.W.II and the Civil War.
Golfer: Well, I have never played this badly before!
We are not human doings; rather, we are human beings.
Why are flamingo's pink and their knees on backwards?
Do Not Tailgate. Or I Will Flick a Booger on Your windshield!
He thought multiplication was the same as division.
What this country needs is a good vegetarian mosquito.
Three boys are in the school yard bragging about their fathers.
Note: If the Random button doesn't work repeatedly, use the reload button on your browser instead.
Wheaties and beer: the Breakfast of ex-champions.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Now that your parents are getting divorced do you want to live with your mummy?
Do not attempt to traverse a chasm in two leaps.
The phase that is not detected by the generator's transfer panel will always be the one to fail.
Well I'll be blowed, thirty years behind this bar and I've never served a piece of string before!
I was so ugly when I was born, the doctor slapped my mother.
The difference between tax avoiding and evasion is 10 Years.
My kid gave your honor student the answers to the final exam!
Please come back again soon. Thanks for stopping by.....
Although up to its neck in hot water, the tea kettle continues to sing.
It's what's inside you, not outside, that counts.
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning: It's on the other side.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
My wild oats have turned into prunes and All Bran.
Your Message has caused a General Protection Fault...Reboot Please...
What do you call a bass clarinetist with half a brain?
The San Andreas fault is the most stable thing in California.
What I'd settle for is WYAFIWYG - "What You Ask For Is What You Get".
Just think, if it weren't for marriage, men would go through life thinking they had no faults at all.
If God had intended us to drink beer, He would have given us stomachs.
A woman walks into a drugstore and asks the pharmacist if he sells condoms.
Give me some of that old-time Religion...HAIL ZEUS!
Gotta run. Neighbors just sighted Elvis making crop circles.
I locked coat hanger in car; it's a good thing I had a key.
If I'm driving funny its probably becuase I'm drunk.
Every man reaps what he sows, except the amateur gardener.
The difference between genius and stupidity is genius has its limits.
Life is a problem. Be sure that you solve it correctly, as it can never be done but once.
Your e-mail has been returned due to insufficient voltage.
The only one who got everything done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
Beauty is only skin deep. But some people must be inside out!
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
I'm not afraid of work... I can even sleep beside it.
What do you call a blonde golfer with an IQ of 160......................................A Foursome !!!
A week later the man returns and says, "Give me 200 baby chickens." The co-op man complies.
Success occurs when opportunity meets preparation.
Next time you think you're having a bad day read this......
The course of true anything never does run smoothly.
I heard you took an IQ test and they said you're results were negative.
Load them with beer and you can take them anywhere.
If white wine goes with cooked fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
A bartender is a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
Scout troops of the opposite sex are only encountered while dealing with the diarrhea mentioned above.
The Three Food Groups: Frozen, Instant, and Take Out.
Your job was much more hazardous than smoking...and tobacco was free.
I brake for animals. I kill them, eat their flesh and wear their skins.
I want to know what they really mean when they say 'nothing'...
If at first you don't succeed, you'll get a lot of advice.
Veni, vipi, vici:I came, I am important, I conquered.
Having a weapon in school meant being caught with a slingshot?
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It's called marriage.
Jesus loves you. Everybody else thinks you're an ass.
Home sweet home..the place everybody should work...
To demonstrate my superior intellect, I have decided to join Menses.
I haven't been the same since that house fell on my sister.
He said - Shall we try swapping positions tonight?
Dogs come when they are called - cats have answering service.
He who dies with the most of anything is still dead.
If nothing is impossible, how do you get off a mailing list?
Inflation is when the buck doesn't stop anywhere.
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck and jumping to conclusions.
How does Avon find so many women willing to take orders?
You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3.
Lovka's Dilemma: You never get away, you only get someplace else.
The Lord says, Say no more and fits each mouse with beautiful new roller skates.
Does it scare you that you are looking for wisdom from a T-shirt?
Bumperstickers -- My child can beat up your honors student.
The world is NOT any worse; it is just that the news coverage is better.
I looked up my wife's family tree. Most of her relatives are still climbing around in it.
Before you point your fingers be sure your hands are clean.
The trouble with an inferiority complex is that the right people never have it .
Five out of four people don't understand fractions.
It's hard to be humble when you're having so much fun.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Big doesn't necessarily mean better..sunflowers aren't better than violets.
I'm so ugly. When I was born the doctor took one look at me and slapped my mother.
If I Can't Be Number One In Your Life, Then Number Two On You.
Motorhome bumpersticker: Don't tailgate or I'll flush.
Could your eyes be called an academy, because there are pupils there?
Blessed are the cross-eyed, for they will see God twice.
A baby sitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
Why do mattresses have designs on them when they're always covered with sheets?
BE KIND TO YOUR CHILDREN; THEY CHOOSE YOUR NURSING HOME.
A bloke is walking down the street pulling a cabbage along on the end of a string.
Even at a Mensa convention someone is the dumbest person in the room.
A perfect method for adding drama to life is to wait until the deadline looms large.
Psychiatrists say one in four people is crazy. Check three friends, if they re OK, you re it!
Why is there a mail box at the post office? You're There!
Women should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans.
Life is like an onion; you peel off one layer at a time and sometimes you weep.
A PhD is like an MD...except they can't help anyone!
If teachers taught, why didn't preachers praught? If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat?
Five. One to change it and the rest to share the experience!
Good: Your son's doing extra credit work. Bad: Making a sex ed video.
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
Criminal: A guy no different from the rest of us .... except that he got caught.
Why do we need clothes when the world is full of naked kings?
If anyone has ever said one of these to you, you might just be...
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum. I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
A new teacher is trying to make use of her Psychology courses.
Worry is like a rocking chair: It gives you something to do, but doesn't get you anywhere.
I once wanted to be an atheist but I gave it up. They don't have any holidays.
In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater the confusion.
Why be politically correct when you can be right?
Friends are important. Everyone needs someone else to take advantage of.
If a mime swears, does his mother make him wash his hands with soap?
Education and intelligence aren't the same thing!
Don't be conspicuous. In the combat zone, it draws fire. Out of the combat zone, it draws sergeants.
Never argue with an idiot; bystanders can't tell the difference.
If your raid is going well, you're at the wrong house.
If atheists say there is no God, who do they think pops up the next Kleenex in the box?
Something to contemplate: If you lick the air, does it get wet?
Inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late.
When anybody asks you if you're any good with explosives, hold up two open hands and simply say "Ten".
I mixed this [holds up glass of water] myself. Two parts H, one part O. I don't trust anybody!
Why do they mark containers "This end up"? If you can read the marking, isn't that end already up?
Where there's a will, there is a way to be in it.
Lord, give me patience ... but give it to me NOW!
The bigger a man's head gets, the easier it is to fill his shoes.
User error: replace user and press any key to continue.
Two hunters were dragging their dead deer back to their car.
It's better the world wonder why you aren't president.
If electricity comes from electrons, does morality come from morons?
From way back thar I thought you said Goats!!
Couldn't afford to fix my brakes, so I made my horn louder.
Redundancy: a politician with an airbag in his car.
Vegetables are healthy. For the ones who can afford it.
Sorry, I cannot make it because there is a power failure. I am stuck on the escalator.
Wellhung: I'm drinking a cup of water. There, that's better.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
My favourite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
No matter which way you have to march, its always uphill.
In transcending it, we acknowledge fear and pain, but maintain a perspective that prevents immobilization.
Pets aren't dangerous; just don't let them carry guns.
I know karate, kung fu, and 47 other dangerous words.
Sometimes I need what only you can provide - Your absence.
Did you hear about the new restaurant that just opened up on the moon?
It's better to have half a loaf than no bread at all.
What is the purpose of dreams...if they never become reality?
I work hard because millions on welfare depend on me!
What happens to that other sock that you lost in the laundry?
A man's feet should be planted in his country, but his eyes should survey the world.
See the most comprehensive real estate directory.
If the front of your car says 'DODGE', do you really need a horn?
I always wanted to be a procrastinator, but I never got around to it.
I want some repairs done to my stove as it has backfired and burnt my knob off.
Newsflash! Dyslexic Christian sells soul to Santa.
Why does lemon juice contain "artificial ingredients" but dishwashing liquid contains "real lemons"?
Never argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
My husband's idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.
Marriage is not a word, it is a sentence - A Life Sentence!!
Unix for stability. Macs for productivity. Windows for solitaire.
Come in, Beverly, and I'll show you a real Picard maneuver.
You can't propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
How do you make Windows faster? Throw it harder!
It is difficult to "go with the flow" when you are swimming upstream.
The first bug to land on your clean windshield will always splatter right in front of your eyes.
Life is only understood backward, but must be lived forward.
Demon: Hell's not so bad. We actually have a lot of fun down here...you a drinkin' man?
You walk into a room and notice that a picture is hanging crooked. You...
Move out, get a job, pay your own bills while you still know everything.
Let the meek inherit the Earth, I want the stars!
He then showed the man by jumping out, then coming back through the window.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like I'm the only one moving.
Barbatus: Don't make my mistake, kid. Don't follow orders your whole life. Think for yourself.
Postcard: Having a wonderful time. Wish you were her.
There's safety in numbers: F16, F111, B2, F15, ...
The hotel has bowling alleys, tennis courts, comfortable beds, and other athletic facilities.
God had promised salvation to your repentance, but he has not promised tomorrow to your procrastination.
If you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen!
Why does it matter if we all put our pants on one leg at a time?
Don't you hate it when you stop to think... and forget to start again?
I'm multi-talented. I can drive and piss you off at the same time.
By day an average person; by night a modem maniac.
Why can't women put on mascara with their mouth closed?
Isn't it about time you had a near-life experience?
There is only one pretty child in the world and every mother has it," - Chinese Proverb.
Men are shameless. If you're not thinking with your wiener, you're acting directly on its behalf.
If you think this week was a drag, wait till you see what happens next week!
Trucks that overturn on the highway are alway filled with something sticky.
He who outruns the cheetah is fucking fast on his feet!
A computer without Windows is like a fish without a bicycle.
Emma - gullible and easily swayed by a good looker!
Sweet corn fans. Save money on loo paper by simply pouring the stuff straight down the bog.
About the Authour, contact me, tell others about the site etc.
Don't be so open minded that your brain falls out.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
Free puppies. Part German Shepherd/part stupid dog.
If they're shooting at you, it's a high intensity conflict.
This list has been sent to me by Alessandra Angemi. I claim no credit for it.
If your ambush is properly set the enemy won't walk into it.
WELLHUNG: OK, now I`m going to put my... uh, you know ... thing... in your... er, you know... your... woman`s thing.
I got my knowledge of spatial relationships in Spatial Education.
You'll know dinner's ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Barbara: Me too, I went golfing with my ex one time, and he told me I ask too many questions!
Couples without children always know just how you should raise yours.
Her oncologist told her she had 18 months to live; she informed me that she had other plans.
Hardware Independent: Won't work on ANY hardware!
United States Marines: When it absolutely, positively has to be destroyed overnight.
If I die, I'm taking you with me!... oh, -you're- dying? Forget I said anything.
What good is someone who can walk over water, if you can't follow in his footsteps?
Never, ever make absolute, unconditional statements.
I see!, said the blind carpenter, as he picked up his hammer and saw.
I can lead you to the water but I can't let you drink.
You cannot run away from a weakness. You must fight it out or perish.
ADDENDUM: After the initial break-up - no matter what - both parties agree to give the relationship "one more shot".
No sense being pessimistic, it wouldn't work anyway.
OS/2 - The only true 100% FAT free operating system.
You are still young and useful at any age if you are still planning for tomorrow.
The ultimate Law: All general statements are false.
The first time is for love, the next time is $200.
Love your enemies; they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
You can tell German wine from vinegar by the label.
Never miss a good chance to shut up. You aren't learning much when your mouth is moving.
WELLHUNG: I`m drinking a cup of water. There, that`s better.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
The little boy quickly snatches his hand away and thanks his lucky stars he didn't get bit.
A generation which ignores history has no past - and no future.
If you can't live without me, why aren't you dead?
You can live without sex, but not without glasses.
Don't like my driving? Build your own ^%highway!
We spend more time working for our labor-saving machines than they do working for us.
Dear School: Please exscuse John being absent on Jan. 28, 29,30, 31, 32, and also 33.
Time is a flitting thing and each day a little lifetime.
Lots of comedians have people they try to mimic. I mimic my shadow.
A 'debugged' program that crashes will wipe out source files on storage devices when there is the least available backup.
With college about to begin a new year, we were wondering about the mindset of this year's incoming freshman.
You know the words of the Vicco Turmeric commercial.
Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you traveled from where you started.
If you took a dalmation and washed it until it was really really clean, wouldn't it be spotless?
Cats are known to be aloof and unfriendly. Here's a cat who was a friend to his mortal enemy.
The Texas gentleman looked appalled, pulled out his pistol, and killed the city slicker on the spot.
What's a man's idea of helping with the housework?
Once you open a can of worms, the only way to re-can them is to use a larger can.
If at first you don't succeed, try something else.
I want new curtains = I want new curtains, new carpeting, new furniture, new wallpaper...
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
A friend in need... can be a real pain in the ass.
Lindsay - likes doggy style, doesn't do housework.
Sally Struthers is the ANTI-CHRIST!!! She MUST be killed!
Hawaiian Shorts: What a wallet has after a vacation there.
Recommend you divert YOUR course 15 degrees to South to avoid a collision.
People who hat cats will come back as mice in their next lives!
Living on Earth includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Heard about the new president? It's a cat named Socks...
You're more likely to be killed by a flying champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
But will tackle her boyfriend alone in the house.
There's no need to do housework. After four years the dirt doesn't get any worse.
What's the difference between Engineers and Architects? Engineers build weapons, Architects build targets.
Suture Self Magazine, the home guide to personal surgery.
No matter how early you have come to the restaurant - the waiter serves you last.
People can have the Model T in any colour--so long as it's black.
Someone who thinks logically is a nice contrast to the real world.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
He who puts his nose to the grindstone is a bloody fool.
He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own hands.
All things are difficult before they are finished.
Programmer's Time-Space Continuum: Programmers continuously space the time.
I will not roll on dead seagulls, fish, crabs, etc.
It is difficult to fly with eagles if you work with turkeys.
Thus began the tradition of the little angel on top of the Christmas tree.
If god paid for our sins, lets get our monies worth!
Know when it's time to go home - when you've won too much.
If Progress Means To Move Forward What Does Congress Mean?
It's not what a teen knows that concerns his parents, it's how he found out.
If the road you travel, has no obstacles, It leads nowhere.
If you don't want your children to hear what you're saying, pretend you're speaking directly to them.
Boy, "And why is my other sister called "Moonchild"?
IN AN ACAPAULCO HOTEL: The manager has personally passed all the water served here.
Why is it that people say they "slept like a baby" when babies wake-up like every two hours?
Why do we elect people and then become afraid of them?
He agreed and, like a gentleman, insisted she go first.
Christ died for our sins. Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?
Love means never having to explain why to your wife why your AOL screen name is HUNGJOCK.
Sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma. Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
You can win more friends with your ears than you can with your mouth!
I've found that women are the chief cause of men's lying.
No, I don't have a license to kill... It's just a learners permit.
This car is like my husband, if it ain't yours don't touch it!
The time a teacher takes in explaining is inversely proportional to the information retained by students.
IN PRISON.......You have unlimited time to read e-mail jokes.
Airstrikes always overshoot the target, artillery always falls short.
LAW 12: The last three holes of a round will automatically adjust your score to what it really should be.
Fear is understandable, ignorance is unacceptable.
VIRGIN: A young innocent who in former times was sacrificed to the gods but who now merely lives in disgrace.
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind then it really doesn't matter.
At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.
I'd slap you senseless, but I can't spare three seconds!
You better think about the future, for it's where you will spend the rest of your life.
Most people lost in thought are in unfamiliar territory.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people said couldn't be done.
If history is doomed to repeat itself, bring on the beheadings!
Tact - changing the subject without changing the mind.
Tongue tied  twisted, just an earthbound misfit I.
Why is it that we spend the first half of our lives learning habits that shorten the other half?
For every winner you have a loser - or else you have inflation.
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
It's a funny thing, the more I practice the luckier I get.
Everything east of the San Andreas fault will eventually plunge into the Atlantic Ocean.
Thou shalt not reset thy human's alarm clock by walking on it.
It's ok to do the right thing as long as you don't get caught.
Money: The Mint makes it first, and we try to make it last.
Teacher: Now, children, if I saw a man beating a donkey and stopped him, what virtue would I be Showing?
God is too kind to do anything cruel; too wise to make a mistake; too deep to explain Himself.
You never really learn to swear until you learn how to drive.
Money doesn't bring you happiness, but it enables you to look for it in more places.
The only reason you recognize your kids is because their pictures are on your desk.
Don't worry about biting' off more than you can chew. Your mouth is probably a whole lot bigger'n you think.
This is a 'do-it-yourself' world; the best in you brings out the best in others.
There were no public health laws in Ankh-Morpork. It would be like installing smoke detectors in Hell.
My neighbor read that most accidents happen within 20 miles of home - so he moved!
An old bloke knocked on the door of a local brothel.
A minute passes, and the boy is still deep in prayer, with his head down.
What's the difference between trumpet players and government bonds?
StoP tHE LogGINg oR wE WiLl coNtInUE To KIll oNe CeleBrITY EacH WeEK.
Actually, I don't have Alzheimer's Disease. But it's getting harder to tell.
As he tossed the bone onto a huge pile of there bones, he noticed the rescue team.
Baseball cards in the spokes transformed any bike into a motorcycle?
You can survive on charm for about 5 minutes...after that, you'd better know something!
How many animals can you fit in a pir of pantyhose?
How do you know when you run out of invisible ink?
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
Before a cow will give you any milk, she has to have something very important. What?
Personality: Older, more refined, high maintenance, has very picky tastes; knows exactly what she wants.
If your feet smell and your nose runs, you're built upside down.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody has.
WHERE DO I SEND JOKES? UNSUBSCRIBING? OTHER QUESTIONS?
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
Opera: Where a guy gets stabbed in the back and sings about it.
Women seek entertainment that reminds them of how horrible things could be.
The optimistic mathematician points out that the glass is 47% full.
Gee, Mr. Wizard! Aren't nuclear reactors dangerous?
Why do they call them briefings when they take so long?
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
When it rains, the sky is completely covered in clouds. How does the rain get through?
I'd rather lose my memory than my..ummm...ahhh...never mind.
Efficiency is the ability to do a job well plus the desire to do it better.
A single man in his 40's often has a problem finding women at his level of maturity.
Follow the wise few rather than the vulgar many.
Toilet stolen from Police Station. Cops have nothing to go on.
When I got home last night, my girlfriend demanded that I take her out to some place expensive.
They call our language the mother tongue because the father seldom gets to speak.
We are here on Earth to do good for others. What the others are here for, I do not know.
In my attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a telephone pole.
Everything happens at the same time with nothing in between.
Driving Lesson One: Shiny side up; rubber side down.
One of the great labor-saving devices of today is my spouse!
How does a thermos know if the drink should be hot or cold?
There *is* intelligent life in the universe. It ignores us.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die, they need gravity to swallow.
Most nudists are people you don't want to see naked.
Parents remember everything, whether it happened or not.
Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings. The expectations are always high, and the results usually disappointing.
Use contraceptives at every conceivable occasion.
If a mime swears do you wash his hands with soap?
I did a drot of lugs in college, I hink I thave dain bramage.
Excuses are like asses everyone's got em and they all stink.
It is ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
Don't marry for money - you can borrow it cheaper.
A lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Do you have a drinking problem ?,..............Yes I can't afford it.
Trouble with political jokes is they get elected.
SWEETHEART: I`m moving my ass back and forth, moaning.
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children.
What are the five most difficult years in a New Zealander's education?
Tell your little voices to SHUT UP! I can't hear mine...
You win some and you lose some, but think qualitatively rather than quantitatively.
To be or not to be... I think its a trick question.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
Beware of dragons, for we are crunchy and good with ketchup.
You know an Arc Light isn't a special bulb or lamp.
A bad day at Disneyland is still better than a good day at work!
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Bombs don't kill people ... explosions kill people.
Good: You came home for a quickie. Bad: So did the postman.
Tracy - easily swayed by alcohol. Mostly seen without underwear. Loves kittens.
Life is like golf: If you stick to the fairway you never have to ask for a ruling.
I have lurnt WordPerfect 6.0 computor and spreadsheat progroms.
Play Dough and Microwave should never be used in the same sentence.
If she gets a job ahead of you, it's equal opportunity.
The book or periodical most vital to the completion of your term paper will be missing from the library.
A screwdriver will always slip when in the proximity of painted surfaces--Law of Centrifugal Malfeasance.
One way to stop a run away horse is to bet on him.
Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
What's the definition of the best woman at a nudist resort? The girl who can eat the 8th donut.
A bean supper will be held on Tuesday evening in the church hall. Music will follow.
We live in a world where nothing is impossible, except peace and happiness.
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house.
I sentence you to hang by the neck until you cheer up.
Four blades of grass and one lizard tail. Throw it back up on the cleanest carpet in your house.
America is like a melting pot. The people at the bottom get burned, and the scum floats to the top.
The word racecar and kayak are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left.
Best Humor from the Net - What Did That T-Shirt Say?!
WinErr: 00C Memory hog error - More Ram needed. More! More!
Picasso Arse: A woman whose knickers are too small for her, so she looks like she's got 4 buttocks.
Carl - thinks he's funny...he's not, falls asleep during sex.
Sign: Warning: $50 fine for shooting holes in this sign.
Fear doesn't overwhelm you; you let fear overwhelm you.
I shall always decide not to decide, unless of course I decide to change my mind.
I have not yet entered geezerdom, but I can see it from here.
Early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I have faith in fools, my friends call it self-confidence.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
The wise man does at once what the fool does finally.
Don's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
Every rule has its exceptions except this: A man must be present when being shaved.
Egotist: a person of low taste. more interested in himself than me.
What's the difference between a cocaine dealer and a prostitute?
Life is a test, and I didn't take very good notes.
Vegetarians eat vegetables. Beware of humanitarians!
I R S: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
Each nasty little hornet, each beastly little squid.
You know you're in trouble when your birthday cake collapses, from the weight of the candles.
On the journey of life, I choose the psycho path.
I'll say 'hell' and you say 'ass'." The 4-year-old happily agrees.
A tourist in Vienna is going through a graveyard and all of a sudden he hears some music.
Camilla Parker Bowles bought Prince Charles a bookmark for Christmas.
During sex my girlfriend always wants to talk to me.
If work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it?
Please do not look into laser with remaining eyeball.
Tell me to stuff it. I'm a taxidermist.
The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent'.
It was difficult to code. So it damn well better be difficult to use.
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
You've been having trouble going to sleep. Are you probably a man or a woman?
His blackboard technique puts Rembrandt to shame.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
Can bankers count? Eight windows and only four tellers?
One educational route out of a dead end is indeed back.
No matter how many resources you have, it is never enough.
When you are in a hurry, the needle eye is always too small.
Keep both feet on the ground and you'll never get your pants off.
I am not a monotheist -- the world looks as though it were designed by a committee.
His mind was like a steel trap - rusty and illegal in 37 states.
The first one to make the trip alive is the winner.
To decide not to decide is to decide. To fail to decide is failure.
The Cavalry Horse darts into the fray but the Draught Horse.................
Life is an endless struggle, full of frustrations and challenges but eventually you find a hairdresser you like.
Where Are We Going And Why Am I In This Hand basket?
What do you call a Tasmanian girl who keeps running away from her family?
Don't steal a police car unless you're prepared to floor it all the way to Mexico.
Love is in a touch, a look; words lie, hearts cannot.
Why dont they just make mouseflavored cat food?
Here lies Henry Blake -+- He stepped on the gas Instead of the brake.
I've worn contact lenses so long I can put them in with my eyes closed.
Man: Why do you women always try to impress us with your looks, not with your brains?
Oh Dear! Looks like you fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down!
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
Verbal agreements frequently lead to verbal disagreements.
Mama Get The Hammer (There's A Fly On Papa's Head).
What kind of batteries do mountain climbers use? Everesty!
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, how come nothing is free yet?
Sometimes I know that there is intelligent life on other planets because they haven't tried to contact us.
When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.
My life is a continual trek down the path of most resistance.
If a synchronized swimmer drowns does that mean the others have to drown too?
Nothing in poverty so ill is borne as it's exposing men to grinning scorn.
The world is full of willing people: some willing to work and some willing to let them.
It's going to be called "Four Woundings and a Funeral".
This page uses the following fonts: Freehand591 BT, Gaslight, Janis, Lucida Handwriting.
I *HATE* it when my serial port goes Snap Crackle Pop!
It is better to have bad breath than to have no breath at all.
Julia - innocent face, don't trust her, she'll steal your wallet in five minutes.
My friend Sam has one leg. I went to his house. I couldn't go up the stairs.
You want to talk? Can I choose between that and a more appealing form of torture?
Detour: The roughest distance between two points.
The Star Trek Condom: To Boldly Go Where No Man Has Gone Before.
No matter who says what, don't believe it if it don't make sense.
Marching to the beat of a different kettle of fish...
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
There's a pungent odor of spices as one enters your home.
This is a good day to let down old friends who need help.
He's so old that when God said let there be light, he's the one who hit the switch.
Senile: What you find in the encyclopedia under "Egypt." Denial: De river in Egypt.
I do not need to suddenly stand straight up when I'm lying under the coffee table.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for it makes them soggy and hard to light.
Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second?
What is the proper procedure for rebooting my Etch-A-Sketch?
Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
I don't mind the rat race but I could do with a little more cheese.
What's the point of going out? We're just going to wind up back here anyway.
It was paid in full and the engineer retired again in peace.
They call it 'PMS' because 'Mad Cow Disease' was already taken.
You started at the bottom...and it's been downhill ever since!
Did you know you share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world?
Contestants Emma Bunton (Baby Spice) and Will Young (Pop Idol) after2 minutes silence...We'll ask the audience please.
Man does not live by coffee alone. Have a danish!
STUPIDITY is NOT a HANDICAP! Park somehwere else!
Definition of an elephant: A mouse built to government specifications.
Robert E. Lee's Truce: Judgement comes from experience; experience comes from poor judgement.
The Weakest Link: The presenter of the television series Telly Addicts was Noel who ?
When you open a bag of cotton balls, is the first one meant to be thrown away?
The Apathy Anonymous meeting was canceled due to lack of interest.
If all the girls in Australia were laid end to end, I wouldn't be at all surprised.
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
Tact is rubbing out another's mistake instead of rubbing it in.
God answers all prayers, and sometimes the answer is no.
If the human brain was simple enough for us to understand we'd be so simple we couldn't understand.
Older relatives feel comfortable telling sex jokes around you.
Academy, n. [from Academe] A modern school where football is taught.
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
When in doubt, hold on to your altitude. No one has ever collided with the sky.
Do not induce vomiting! This movie will do it for you!
There is no such thing as government money, only taxpayer money.
Our primary purpose is to stay free from lip balm and to help others achieve the same freedom.
Learn from your parent's mistakes - use birth control!
Idealism increases in proportion to the distance from the problem.
Would the last American leaving Miami please remember to bring the flag?
Why doesn't the fattest man in the world become a hockey goalie?
Standards are wonderful. There are so many to choose from!
Patience is the silken cord on which are strung the pearls of virtue.
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, and kill them.
A man walked by a table in a hotel and noticed three men and a dog playing cards.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
The Sears latex condom: One coat is good for the entire winter.
A man heard that 90 percent of all accidents happen within 10 miles of the home...
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather ... ... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car ...
He who has no Christmas in his heart will never find Christmas under a tree.
When I choke I am black, when I get embarrassed I am black.
Character density: The number of very weird people in the office.
How do you fix a broken Jack-O-Lantern? With a Pumpkin Patch!
Got his degree in Political Economics by bribing Sally Struthers with a chocolate donut.
Give and you might receive. Take and be sure of it.
Super Collider (n): Particle accelerator. See Amtrak.
What we are is God's gift to us - what we become is our gift to God.
A few minutes later , a Bedouin shepherd walks up. 'Have you seen my sheep around here?' He asks the travellers.
My philosophy: The early worm gets eaten by the early bird.
The 2nd law of thermodynamics says that there ain't no free lunch.
Passing on curves: What a beauty-contest judge does.
John Wayne Film Festival. Warning: Cowards may be offended by these movies.
A kiss is a pleasant reminder that two heads are better than one.
Why does the law society prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients?
Balding, full of hot air, and it never hurts to have a spare.
John - has no friends or life - tends to kill small animals.
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
Several months later, the old gent returned to the counsellor and reported that his new bride was pregnant.
Relatives that have been dead for years come visit you and suggest that you should get some rest.
How about some one-liners? I hope I haven't recycled them from your shows.
When I was a little kid we had a sand box. It was a quicksand box.
Career won't progress beyond Senator from Massachusetts.
Corollary: No plan survives contact with the enemy.
If cats and dogs didn't have fur would we still pet them?
He went over and lifted her tail and saw a golf ball solidly embedded.
Cats are transparent. Cats should sit in front of the TV screen.
Free food left over from meetings is your staple diet.
Take your hand out of the bell and miss all of the notes!
I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.
Dark is faster than light, otherwise you would see it.
Kids were asked questions about the Old  New Testaments.
It's all fun and games until someone loses a tooth...then it's hockey!!
Light at the end of the tunnel has been switched off as a part of cost cutting!
Michael Jackson tried killing himself Wednesday morning by jumping off his boat .
Roll up your sleeves...And you won't lose your shirt.
If they squeeze olives to get olive oil, how do they get baby oil?
They make a lot of noise, but it's hard to get them to work.
Cats only seem like they are sharpening their claws. In reality they are exercising their leg muscles.
If a man speaks in a forest and no woman is there to hear him, is he still lying?
A man is as old as he feels. But never as important.
Given any problem containing N equations, there will be N + 1 unknowns.
My psychiatrist says I'm manic-depressive - I have mixed feelings about that.
Cats took many thousands of years to domesticate humans.
Draft dodgers were people who closed their front doors when the evening breeze started.
You talk about "good grass" and you're referring to someone's lawn.
Silence is the only thing that can't be misquoted!
Confucius say...Man who keep feet firmly on ground have trouble putting on pants.
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it.
Time is never wasted when you're wasted all the time.
Michael - very good looking but he'll do anything for a girl.
Don't believe in superstition -- it brings bad luck.
Old actors never die, they just move to the late show or public TV.
Golf scores are directly proportional to the number of witnesses.
Microsoft hat verkndet, dass sie am 1. April fuer alle ihre Programme ein bugfreies Update herausbringen!
LAWYER: A cat who settles a dispute between 2 mice.
NY cops go bar-hopping, LA cops go night-clubbing.
Over the modem, through the phone line, nuthin' but net!
There are 2 types of people: those who finish what they start...
My last cow just died, so I won't need your bull anymore.
The following was found in the First Presbyterian Church of King Ferry Newsletter by Marie Hepworth.
Just then a large cat came by, and heard the chirping.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking of yesterday all the time.
If oranges smell like chicken, why are tomatoes blue? Think about it!
Dogs are so useful, I'm surprised they're not sold in vending machines.
Statistics show every two minutes another statistic is created.
Husband: I don't know why you wear a bra, you've got nothing to put in it.
Full sized mattress. 20 yr warranty. Like new, slight urine smell.
If you wait to have kids until you can afford them, you probably never will.
I went to a place to eat that said 'Breakfast Anytime'. So I ordered french toast during the Rennaisance.
Bumper Sticker it said 'TO ALL VIRGIN'S THANKS FOR NOTHING'.
When she heard that 90% of all crimes were around the home, she moved.
Honest teacher. A virus really DID eat my homework!
It is always the ones who talk loudest who do the least.
Sweetheart: I'm running my fingers through your hair. Now I'm nibbling your ear.
The man decides to take the frog with him to the next hole.
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Your idea of fun parties now include Chips 'n' Salsa and Snapple.
We are able to walk on air, but only as long as our illusion supports us.
One of the greatest labor-saving devices of today is tomorrow.
A man (or woman) who can smile when things go wrong has found someone to blame it on.
Nitpicking: Not just a hobby, it's a way of life!
When you are hungry like the wolf, they give you a half sandwich.
Dijon Vu : The feeling you've tasted that mustard before.
Something will have to be done; something irresponsible.
Enter the lab, undress, and start staring at other people as if they're crazy while typing.
It's not crippleware, it's functionally challenged.
Why did the blonde stare at the frozen orange juice?
Why don't women blink during foreplay? They don't have time.
The greatest wheat speculator, Arthur Cooger, died abroad, penniless.
Uncle Sam needs your money - Congress already SPENT it!
You will always have what you need when the job is next to your shop.
Hanson's Treatment of Time: There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days before Saturday.
The world is divided between victims and predators and you have to defend yourself against both.
Willyoupleasehelpmefixmykeyboard?Thespacebarisbroken!
Getting a free kitten proves that you don't need money to get love.
Don't laugh at the fogged up windows, it's your daughter in here!
Whoever said there is no such thing as a stupid question has never worked in customer service.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
A mediocre player will sink to the level of the competition.
A new law recently passed in Southern Louisiana: When a couple gets divorced, theyre still brother and sister.
Vanity Plates seen on a Mercedes Benz in California . . .
For neatness always draw the curves first and afterwards plot the data.
He that lets the small things bind him, leaves the great undone behind him.
Please don't forget to bookmark us. (Just press "Control, D").This site is updated daily.
I locked my coathanger in my car. Good thing I had my key.
Remember, even if you win the rat race- you're still a rat.
Make it idiot proof and somebody will invent a better idiot.
Why do they sell cigarettes at the gas station if you can't smoke there?
The more difficult the customer, the more locksmiths he calls to come out.
When you are not hungry, they serve you up more delicious courses.
Don't insult the alligator till after you cross the river.
If it's not cruel and unusual, it's not punishment.
Borrow money from pessimists, they never expect to get it back.
Want to make your computer go really fast? Throw it out the window!
If guns are outlawed, how shall we shoot the liberals?
The least experienced fisherman always catches the biggest fish.
For you, dating means spray-painting your girlfriend's name on an overpass.
SYMPTOM: Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, beer is unusually pale and clear.
Imagine you are a child in your mother's womb, can you detect light?
Ah know what a bagel is, but what kind of dog is a lox?
The fire department in San Diego has at least a 5 minute response time.
Isn't making a smoking section in a restaurant a little like making a peeing section in a swimming pool?
And instead of an error message, you get a windae covered with an empty Buckfast bottle.
What is the name of that lady with the wooden leg ?..................Peg.
DOS-O-MANIA : Reboot is not kicking your computer again.
If you are driving at the speed of light and you turn on your headlights, do they do anything?
Whatever happens, behave like you meant it to happen.
You forgot, "If you dont like my driving, stay off the sidewalk!" ...
If you're a woman, have a good cry. If you're a man, have a good cry.
Stare at the next person's screen, look really puzzled, say You did that?  laugh.
Love is a merry little elf who dances a jig, then turns on you with a machine gun.
On a Magic 8 Ball: Not advised for use as a home pregnancy test.
WinErr: 007 System price error - Inadequate money spent on hardware.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
You're a slacker! By the time I was you're age, I had exterminated the Jedi knights!
Warning! This organism suffers from dangerous mood swings.
Scotland Yard: Three feet. The same as anywhere else.
Always keep a record of data, it indicates that you've been working.
I don't have an attitude problem, it's supposed to be this way.
Your kid may be an honors student, but you're still an idiot.
Why did the Irishman leave the empty milk carton in the fridge?
My wife got her toe stuck in it and it is very uncomfortable for us.
Your mind not only wanders, sometimes it leaves completely.
Go around the barn at high noon to avoid colloquialisms.
A man may make many mistakes, but is not a failure until he starts blaming someone else for them.
All the world's an analog stage, and digital circuits play only bit parts.
Weiner's Law of Libraries: There are no answers, only cross-references.
What you lack in modesty you make up for in conceit.
Mason's first law of synergism: The one day you'd sell your birthright for something, birthrights are a glut.
The remaining 79% of us think those 21% should get a life!
We aren't sure how clouds form. But they know, that is what counts.
This becomes a routine until, late one evening, the two enter again.
Point at the screen. Chant in a made up language while making elaborate hand gestures.
There is no Theory - Practice Gap, there is only Continental Drift.
People specialize in their area of greatest weakness.
A batter who bats .500 is still out half the time.
Education is what you have left after you've lost all your notes.
Swing hard in case they throw the ball where you're swinging.
If assholes could fly, this place would be a f@#airport"!
Peace is not the absence of conflict but the ability to cope with it.
You sure have big nostrils for such small fingers.
A penny will hide the biggest star in the universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
Watch out for number one, but don't step in number two.
People who do the world's real work don't usually wear neckties.
Of all the people I've met you're certainly one of them.
Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
As you grow older, do you tend to gesture more or less with your hands while you are talking?
Truism (troo'iz'm) n. A statement the truth of which is obvious or well known; commonplace.
The future is like heaven, everyone exalts it, but no one wants to go there now.
A much wittier reply came to mind immediately after I clicked the 'Send' button.
There is a CD out entitled "The Worst of Jefferson Airplane".
If you're old, fat or ugly you'll be told the position has been filled.
I was thinking that women should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans.
Some people are like blotters: they soak it all in, but get it all backwards.
The architect said he enjoyed time with his wife, building a solid foundation for an enduring relationship.
If you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of other people.
Ignore the first five people who say 'good morning' to you.
Why do mattresses have springs, if they aren't made for jumping on?
Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
Cynic: Someone who smells the flowers and looks for the casket.
Zen Masters - Two. One to screw in the bulb and one not to screw in the bulb.
Don't get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
Bacon  eggs - Hens are involved but pigs are committed.
If everything is part of a whole, what is the whole part of?
Now think about it seriously, Mister. Do you still wanna tell that joke?
Experience enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
After they make styrofoam, what do they ship it in?
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?
I thought I made a mistake once, but I was wrong.
I majored in liberal arts. Would you like fries with that?
When computing, whatever happens, behave as though you meant it to happen.
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
Funny. I'd always had her down as a screamer or a moaner.
Type frantically, often stopping to look at the person next to you, evilly.
Whatever hits from the fan will not evenly distribute.
You know that butter bar and shake-and-bake have nothing to do with food.
You're the one calling the police because those damn kids next door won't turn down the stereo.
Every worthwhile accomplishment, big or little, has its stages of drudgery and triumph; a beginning, a struggle and a victory.
Why are cigarettes sold at gas stations when smoking is prohibited?
Star light, star bright, where the freak is Mr. Right?
As I said before, I never repeat myself. As long as I can remember, I've had amnesia.
Check your emotions at the door, employee #YX203461!!!
The rooster crows, but the hen delivers the goods.
Oneliners are irrelevant if you don't understand them.
I don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members.
When you pick yourself up from off the floor, come back to my blog damnit!
She Made Toothpicks Out Of The Timber Of My Heart.
Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.
A cat will always seek, and usually take over, the most comfortable spot in any given room.
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
There are only two kinds of people in the world. Me and the people who piss me off.
The trouble with the voice of experience is that it won't keep its mouth shut.
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight.
All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person.
You can't steal second base and keep one foot on first.
When you have secured the area, make sure the enemy knows it too.
If you pass gas in the woods and nobody was around, would you smell it?
The best bridge between hope and despair is often a good night's sleep.
I need someone really bad  are you really bad?
Give them all they want, and all they will want is more.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
A person's character and their garden both reflect the amount of weeding that was done during the growing season.
What's the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball?
Dont piss me off- I am running out of places to hide the bodies.
Copyright and Disclaimer  2001, TDIVE.com. All Rights Reserved.
The Big Bang Theory: God Spoke and BANG! it happened.
Answer: The extroverted engineer will look at your shoes when he talks to you.
In school, every period ends with a bell. Every sentence ends with a period. Every crime ends with a sentence.
The obvious mathematical breakthrough would be development of an easy way to factor large prime numbers.
My problem is that there's always too much month at the end of my money.
Oh, what a tangled website we weave when first we practice.
You don't have to explain something you never said.
Collection of `one-liner' signature files found on the Internet.
Why do they but Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?
Liberal's economy equals 100% tax on YOUR earnings.
The number you have dialled is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost ? Because frost bites !
He is stunned but keeps his word and allows her to pick out a sheep.
Nothing is ever a complete failure; it can always serve as a bad example.
If you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to serve as a horrible warning.
Your lack of planning does not constitute my emergency.
First Law of Advice: The correct advice is to give the advice that is desired.
What's the definition of a successful man? One who makes more money than his wife can spend.
Disclaimer: All opinions are not really opinions.
Man blames fate for other accidents, but feels personally responsible when he makes a hole-in-one!
If it wasn't for C we'd be using BASI, PASAL, and OBOL!
My wife had an accident the other day. We were standing by a wishing well and she fell in.
It's an investment, you know, and maybe a bad one!!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Seppuku: unique Japanese way to let it all hang out.
Lawyer Jokes and Cartoons: Lawyer Humor, You have the right to remain silent.
A hypocrite is one who sets good examples when he has an audience.
At Age 80 success is . . . not peeing in your pants.
The best way to appreciate you job is to imagine yourself without one.
It is not against the law to be stupid, but it is stupid to be against the law.
They threatened to keep kids back a grade if they failed. . .and they did?
Clarvoiants meeting canceled due to unforseen events.
The Scotsman fished the offending fly out of his beer and continued drinking it as if nothing had happened.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
Variety is the spice of life. One day, ignore people; the next day, annoy them.
Woman: Yeah?! Well, if I were to rewrite the alphabet I would put F and U together... Get my point?!
May your life be long and useful like a roll of toilet paper.
Board members salaries are higher than all the Third World countries annual budgets combined.
Thou shalt not weigh more than thy refrigerator.
The most beautiful sunsets are made by cloudy skies.
The perfect gift for people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.
Female......The greatest statement of intimacy a couple can achieve.
On children's alphabet blocks: Letters may be used to construct words, phrases and sentences that may be deemed offensive.
Warning: I have an attitude and I know how to use it.
One enemy can harm you more than one hundred friends can do you good.
When hammering a nail, you will never hit your finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.
What gear were you in at the moment of the impact?
Slipped into the gene pool when the lifeguard wasn't watching.
No alcohol in Iran, but you can get stoned anytime.
When you dream in color, it's a pigment of your imagination.
If I gave a shit, you'd be the first person I'd give it to.
Answers To Questions You Never Thought To Ask ...
If you have to start over, have a friend by your side.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend. Dog's are man's best friend. Now you know which is smarter.
On the fourth day, God created honest toil so that man could labor for the good of the cat.
A lady goes in to the doctor's office to ask a question about her medication.
Miserable, penny-pinching, never-spend-a-dime people may be a pain to live with but they make wonderful ancestors.
Why put off 'til tomorrow what you'll never do anyway?
Once I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken.One good turn gets most of the blanket.
Why do people ask, Can I ask you a question? Didn't really give you a choice, did they?
Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia: If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.
Check the address for spelling and punctuation errors.
SQWERTY - Computer keyboard sized down for use by children.
Pascal - A programming language named after a man who would turn over in his grave if he knew about it.
Ever think about the fact that thorn bushes have roses?
Only passengers seated in window seats ever have to get up to go to the lavatory.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can ignore entirely.
How many Ping-Pong balls would it take to fill this up?
Ah well, they say it's not as bad as they say it is.
TEMPER TANTRUMS: what you should keep to a minimum so as to not upset the children.
A kid's idea of a balanced diet is a hamburger in each hand.
Everyone was born right-handed. Only the greatest overcome it.
Hmmm, When is the last time the Tooth Fairy visited you?
Who stays pregnant for a longer period of time, your wife or your elephant?
The harder it is to obtain matching hardware, the more the customer will insist on an exact match.
Why isn't the word "phonetic" spelled the way is sounds?
Hours of tedious, backbreaking, demeaning labour. Isn't it great to be needed?
Admit your errors before someone else exaggerates them.
There are no stupid questions, but there are a lot of inquisitive idiots.
To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most.
You know hwo most packages say "open here"? What should you do if the package says "open somewhere else"?
Assign a musical note to every key whenever you hit a key, hum its note loudly.
You're schizophrenic? Gee, that makes four of us!
Anarchy: Such a good idea, it should be the law.
People would enjoy life more if, once they got what they wanted, they could remember how much they wanted it.
Eating uranium makes me feel funny, said Tom glowingly.
FunnyWebsite.com - Funny Tests to Waste Your Time!
Thou shalt not block more than half of the television screen.
Beer and women: Two of God's best gifts to mankind.
Why USA fails? Radio Shack=USA's Technology Store!!
You might be a Desi if, you use grocery bags as garbage bags.
Whats the diff between a woman and a washing machine?
Few women admit their age. Fewer men act it.
Who am I? I'm indecision. I'm everything. I'm nothing. And I may even be both.
If life hands you lemons, break out the tequila!
Windows 95: Das erste Programm, das sein Verfallsdatum im Namen hat!
Suddenly, out of nowhere, a diminutive Dracula jumps onto the hood of the car and hisses through the windshield.
Money can't buy happiness but it can certainly rent it for a couple of hours.
He looked at me as though I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
Men know that the reason men don't like cats is because they don't know how to cook them.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
Just when you get the rocks piled up, the cow walks off.
He tried to kill a vampire by driving a pork chop through its heart because steaks were too expensive.
A friend of mine believes in the inverse Special Olympics motto: everyone is a loser.
Domineering, coldhearted, vicious bitch seeks submissive, warmhearted, caring man for INTENSE love/hate relationship!
Wars are not fought to decide who is right - only who is left.
Remember men, we're fighting for this woman's honor; which is probably more than she ever did.
Anthony's Law of Force: Don't force it - get a bigger hammer.
If ignorance is bliss - Then you must be orgasmic!
No fashion faux pas we make could rival The Speedo.
You think that people yawning around you are sleep deprived.
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before.
This provides CONCLUSIVE proof that Bill Gates is either an extraterrestrial or a pyramid.
To avoid excessive boredom, here are some links I've found amusing.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Don't make me mad - I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
Blowing out another man's flame doesn't make yours shine any brighter, but less.
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
If at first you don't succeed, lower your standards.
Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.
Just because I live in a house doesn't mean I'll clean it!
God could create the universe in six days because he didn't have to make it upward compatible.
Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Which of the following lines will do a better job of frightening a man away?
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three men, two of them absent.
Finally, I attempted to be a deli worker, but any way I sliced it, I couldn't cut the mustard.
It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take Hofstadter's Law into account.
When you shoot a mime, should you use a silencer?
Light candles in a pentacle around your terminal before starting work.
Dogs come when they're called; cats take a message and get back to you later.
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for everything that goes wrong.
See the people and places of Britain, with our picture gallery here on Britain.tv!
Don't take the piss out of this beer - it needs all the flavour it can get!
Go braless: it'll pull the wrinkles out of your face.
Your biggest loss from a system crash was when you lost all of your best jokes.
Any given computer program, if running, is obsolete.
You feel stuck with your debt if you can't budge it.
The food here is terrible and the portions are too small.
You will always find something in the last place you look.
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
Behind every successful man is a woman who made it necessary.
Coffee, chocolate and men, some things are just better rich.
Lettin' the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than puttin' it back in.
When puns are outlawed only outlaws will have puns.
In a fight between you and the world, back the world.
With a sigh, the dad replies, Those are for married men. One for January, one for Feb......
Never go to bed with anyone crazier than yourself.
There are two great secrets to success in life. The first is to not tell everything you know.
Wine: He's hoping that the wine thing will give him a sophisticated image to help him get laid.
To err is human, to really foul things up requires a computer.
The desire of love is to give. The desire of lust is to get.
Go ahead, jump. 100,000 lemmings can't all be wrong.
Fairy tales: horror stories for children to get them used to reality.
Home is where you can say anything you like 'cause nobody listens to you anyway.
Spinning around, getting dizzy, and falling down was cause for giggles?
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Some people fish in the Sea of Life without bait.
Married men live longer then single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die.
If ignorance is bliss - then why aren't you smiling?
Sorry, the brain you have reached is disconnected.
Why do we put suits in a garment bag and put garments in a suitcase?
Marriage, a lifelong venture, is best approached with caution.
Dogs think they're human. Cats think they're gods.
Any pill given to a cat has the potential energy to reach escape velocity.
Take your hand out of the bell and lose all sense of taste.
Life would be much easier if I had the source code.
Asking dumb questions is easier than correcting dumb mistakes.
My computer's sick. I think my modem is a carrier.
If there is something to gain and nothing to lose by asking, by all means ask!
Just plead the Fifth -- or drink it -- either way.
For sitting on laps or rubbing against trouser legs select colors that contrast with your own.
ORGET ABOUT WORLD PEACEVISUALIZE USING YOUR TURN SIGNAL.
A person who can smile when things go wrong has found someone to blame it on.
US Ship: Please divert your course 0.5 degrees to the South to avoid a collision.
And the Number 1 Sign You've Joined a Cheap HMO . . .
Seminar on Time Travel to be held two weeks ago. The psychic group, you know where, you know when.
I know the speed of light - what's the speed of dark?
Breakthrough: It finally booted on the first try.
Old squad cars never die, they just smell that way.
If you are asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.
A Freudian slip is when you mean one thing and say your mother.
If something doesn't feel right, you're not feeling the right thing.
If you cannot be a star, you need not be a cloud. -J.J.
Old professors never die - they simply lose their faculties.
Deeply profound message: Quotes are for people who can't express themselves in a coherent manner.
Where's the bathroom? I gotta drop the kids off at the pool.
One man`s theology is another man's belly laugh.
When people aim for what they want out of life, most aim too low.
Outside a secondhand shop: We exchange anything - bicycles, washing machines, etc.
Canadian reply: No, I say again, divert YOUR course.
I recently saw a distraught young lady weeping beside her car. Do you need some help?" I asked.
Do you know what they call a woman who knows where her husband is every night?
Anyone who can see through a woman is missing a lot.
What Geronimo says when he jumps out of a plane.
Among the most unhealthy bacteria are the anaerobic bacteria, because they are too lazy to do aerobics.
People who value their privileges above their principles, soon lose both.
Ban the bomb ... Save the world for conventional warfare.
There are some things that money can't buy. For everything else, my salary isn't sufficient !!
They shot him through the stupid forest and his head didn't miss a tree!
If you take me where I want to go, I'll take you where you think we are.
The Weakest Link: Who was the only inmate of Spandau Prison in Berlin between 1966 and 1987 ?
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. They shouldn't nail up pictures either.
What do you instantly know about a well-dressed man?
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Extra Credit: Define the Universe; give three examples.
If you can't remember, the claymore is pointed towards you.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to Somebody Else.
Finally he finds the tribe and is invited to sit down with the chief.
Ability is the power to do something special - like speaking several languages or keeping your mouth shut in one.
SYMPTOM: You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet. You cannot see anything in your bedroom.
The more things you own, the more you are owned by things.
I have a firm grip on reality. Now I can strangle it.
It's a little known fact that the Dark Ages were caused by unresolved Y1K issues.
Do all diagnostic procedures require pre-certification?
Money can't buy happiness, but it makes misery easier to live with.
If they lined up all the men in the world... it would be one goofy line.
A computer's attention span is as long as it's power cord.
Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses.
If a fire-fighter fights fire and a crime fighter fights crime, what does a freedom fighter fight?
He now works for Microsoft writing error messages!
Be part of the solution, not part of the pollution.
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
Jesus saves, Moses invests, but only Buddah pay dividends....
Elevator button for 5th floor is out of order. Press 1 and 4.
Knowledge is a wonderful thing - a little bit goes a long way.
Men don't use sex to get what they want because sex IS what they want!
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
If you wake up and find yourself a success, then you haven't been asleep.
As far as they know, stamps have always cost about 33 cents.
One thing you can give and still keep, is your word.
It might have been those faults that kept her from getting a better husband.
I wanted to be a barber, but I just couldn't cut it.
The two English men are waiting for someone to introduce them to the English woman.
Another installment showcasing my incredible talent for attracting weird cats.
If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve us right. -Alistair Cooke.
You have a party and the neighbors don't even realize it.
Confucius say...He who run behind bus get exhausted.
My post office won't cash my check or give me cash for my stamps!
WindowError:005 Multitasking attempted. System confused.
Raising teenagers is like nailing Jell-o to a tree.
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.
A real leader faces the music, even when he doesn't like the tune.
After catching his breath.. he ordered a banana split.
An actor is not quite a human being - but then, who is?
Historian: person with extra-century perception.
Liquidated Damages -- A penalty for failing to achieve the impossible.
Think nobody cares? Try missing a couple of payments.
Take the keyboard and sit under the computer. Type in that position.
Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except study for that instructor's course.
The Weakest Link: According to the common saying, "revenge is a dish best served...." what? Cold or on toast ?
One screw in the wrong place and the whole cabinet falls apart.
You and I are really inseparable. It take 10 people to pull us apart.
What's the difference between kinky and perverted?
Labor Movement: The folks who brought you the weekend.
You let your twelve-year-old daughter smoke at the table in front of her kids.
Ever feel like all your friends are dogs and you are the fire hydrant!
SYMPTOM: Opposite wall covered with ceiling tiles and fluorescent light strip across it.
Probably the most powerful income reducing agent known.
And your cry-baby whiny-assed opinion would be...?
You are better off not knowing how sausages and laws are made.
Lorraine - constantly whinges, will strip for a packet of jellybabies.
Welcome to Arizona. 100 years of history unimpeded by Progress.
At Age 16 success is . . . having a drivers license.
Who is General Failure  why's he reading my disk?
Major ass holes call every locksmith for a hundred miles radius.
I got some diving equipment for my wife... It was the best trade I ever made.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
How come when you fix your copier it reproduces, but when you fix a dog it doesn't?
Mechanic's slogan: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Everyone hits a brick wall now and then; the trick is not to do it with your head.
Man who fight and is ugly to wife all day get no piece at night.
The more an item costs, the farther you have to send it for repairs.
Junk is something you throw away three weeks before you need it.
Jerk: what is found on both ends of fishing lines.
If you think nobody cares, miss a couple of payments.
I got this motorhome for my wife....BEST deal I ever made!
In South America they did not know what 'please' meant.
If you try to snag a beer at work, you get fired.
The best way to distinguish between weeds and flowers is to cut them all down...the weeds will grow back.
Nuke 'em from orbit ... it's the only way to be sure.
One may walk over the highest mountain one step at a time.
The person in front of you will always get the last one.
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
Windows NT: Only 16 megs needed to play Minesweeper!
Animal testing is a bad idea - they get nervous and give the wrong answers.
DEFINITION: Core Storage - A receptacle for the center section of apples.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
Life is just a phase you're going through...you'll get over it.
Got some humorous one-liners, observations, deep thoughts, self-defacing intros, Henny Youngmanesque stuff... that you'd like to share?
Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the 'Titanic' who waved off the dessert cart.
Sorry, I just haven't been the same since that house fell on my sister.
Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law: 'n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as 'n' trivial tasks.
You get into a heated argument about pension plans.
Two wrongs don't make a right - it usually takes three or more.
Always hold your head up but keep your nose at a friendly level.
They read that one out of every five children is born Chinese.
Professionals are predictable, it's the amateurs that are dangerous.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
It's hard to believe it, but all teens are humans.
Some people reach the top of the ladder of success only to find it is leaning against the wrong wall.
When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
How do you know when there's a trombonist at your door?
No happy time is really gone, if it leaves a special memory.
Ignorance will take you to a lot more interesting places than knowledge.
Early to bed, early to rise, and your girlfriend goes out with other guys.
I never drink coffee at lunch. I find it keeps me awake for the afternoon.
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
He donated his brain to science before he was done using it.
Action may not always be happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Cahn's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
A cat's resistance varies in proportion to a human's desire for her to do something.
Why is it that we say a "penny for your thoughts" yet everyone puts in their two cents worth?
Nothing is as temporary as that which is called permanent.
I know this guy who works at Sea World; but I don't think it's on porpoise...
Ah, yes, divorce, from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet.
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
Some people proclaim, "Make love, not war" . . . . Why not get married and do both?
You thought I was a bitch, wait until you meet my mom.
Stop complaining. Remember, your garbage disposal eats better than 1/3 of the people in this world.
If cops arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?
Day 610: The product shipped. It weighs 72 lb and costs $325. Bill was promoted to CEO.
Irreplaceable parts will always break or be lost, and at the worst possible time.
If you aint makin waves, you aint kickin hard enough!
Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
Use the Search fields below to get a quick list of LifeGoesOn Articles that interest you.
A man who walks through the airport turnstile sideways is going to Bangkok.
The mailman bringeth and the trashman taketh away.
I love to give homemade gifts. Which one of my kids do you want?
Those who can, do. Those who cannot, teach. Those who cannot teach, HACK!
Pioneers are the ones with the arrows in their backs.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
Why is it called "after dark" when it really is "after light"?
Silver's law: If Murphy's law can go wrong it will.
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be discarded.
PRENATAL: when your life was still somewhat your own.
Auto Repair Service. Free pick-up and delivery. Try us once, you'll never go anywhere again.
What do you think about women's rights? I like both sides of them.
Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives.
What's the difference between a saxophone and a lawn mower?
My mind ain't so open that anything can crawl right in.
I figure I'm pretty good with the bullshit but I love listening to an expert. Keep talking.
The pastor wanted to give her the tablecloth; but she made the pastor keep it for the church.
By the time they had diminished from 50 to eight, the other dwarves began to suspect "Hungry".
I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either. Just leave me the hell alone.
I was diagnosed with a flesh eating disease and the doctor gave me 13 years to live.
Agent: That's correct. Just about everybody here is.
I had some eyeglasses. I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.
I poke badgers with spoons? I don't get it! Alright brain-child.
I need some duck tape. My duck has a quack in it.
Due to financial constraints, the light at the end of the tunnel has been extinguished.
The strangest of all birth defects is an inability to see things my way.
SWEETHEART: That's OK. Now I`m moaning softly, waiting...
Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.
Thou shalt not trip thy humans even if they are walking too slowly.
Yek bar yek tork mishnaveh ke az tah chah yek nafar migeh komakam konid, komakam konid.
Before the invented drawing boards, what did they go back to?
I saw Elvis. He sat between me and Bigfoot on the UFO.
Don't worry. Nothing ever happens at first level.
Science fiction warps your mind. Engage warp factor 10.
If you want a committed man, look in a mental hospital.
Heredity: Everyone believes in it until their children act like fools!
Sign at a Tennessee highway: When this sign is under water, this road is impassable.
Why is it so hard to remember how to spell "mnemomic"?
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Anyone can give up smoking, but it takes a man to face cancer.
The Captain yells at the ground crew to get the cows off the runway.
If this is tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
If nothing sticks to Teflon, then how does it stick to the pan?
I no longer need to punish, deceive, or compromise myself, unless I want to stay employed.
To take a stand, one first must have legs to stand on.
Friendship: a building contract you sign with laughter and break with tears.
Why does the sun on the Raisan Bran cereal box wear sunglasses?
The 2 most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
You might as well go for your dreams . . . you're already stuck with reality.
The universe is a figment of its own imagination. There's no future in time travel.
Men experience the same feelings just by finding a close parking space.
Okay, who put a ``stop payment' on my reality check?
People are never too busy to tell you all that they have to do.
Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Public Libraries.
There were three men drinking in a bar, a doctor, and attorney and a biker.
Dances With Wolves - the theme of our senior prom.
No one ever notices how you ride until you fall off.
The more heavily a man should be taxed, the more power he has to avoid it.
WHAT? Take you to our leader? PLEASE take him with you!
There are very few personal problems that can't be solved by the suitable application of high explosives.
I'm not picking my nose, I'm pointing to my brain.
Quitters Never Win, Winners Never Quit, But Those Who Never Win AND Never Quit Are Idiots.
The cylinders get worn and lose compression, making it hard to climb the slightest incline.
Common Name(s): Varies anywhere from John to !@#$
We can congratulate our teammate without ever touching her ass.
Listen, are you always this stupid or are you just making a special effort today?
Wise people think all they say; fools say all they think.
Vietnam was the ultimate in the American way of selling.
Stand close to the speaker and yell your order, using colorful expletives in ways which would embarrass the patrons inside.
Kotex not best thing on earth, but next to best thing.
How do you know it's summer in Seattle? Rain's warm!
Beacon Radio: For 10, what is the nationality of the Pope ?
The midget says, "Nith lookin horth. Can I thee her eyeth"?
Doug - has a greasy face, drinking problem and farts.
When dog food is new and improved tasting who tests it ? .
You begin to explore the possibility of setting up an I.V. drip solution of espresso.
If marriage were outlawed, only outlaws would have in-laws.
That may not sound like a lot, but I can only hit that snooze button so many times!
My Boss needs a surge protector. That way her mouth would be buffered from surprise spikes in her brain.
Analogy question: Heaven is to Hell as Montana is to what? The correct answer is Hell. Trick question there.
Just gotta c-out, just gotta get write(2) out of here.
Fortify your front; you'll get your rear shot up.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Clerk [to Hi]: I'm afraid we're out of stock on that item, sir.
But we survived because their love was greater than the threat.
He knew a lot about railroads, but he had taken a lot of training.
I want to get a tatoo of myself on my entire body, only 2" taller.
In a fight between emotion versus logic emotion always wins.
You know when you are driving and you notice one shoe on the road... whatever happened to the other shoe?
Teacher: That's my point. We can't see God because he isn't there. He doesn't exist.
How did Simple Simon tell his two horses apart? The black one was two hands taller than the white!
Next Thursday there will be tryouts for the choir. They need all the help they can get.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Some people have a way with words, others not have way.
Circus, n. A place where horses, ponies and elephants are permitted to see men, women and children acting the fool.
The probability of anything happening is in inverse ratio to its desirability.
No executive ever devotes any effort to proving himself wrong.
Don't drink and gamble at the same time. Put the drink down first.
I'm an absolute, off-the-wall fanatical moderate.
Children Should Be Seen And Not... Spanked Or Grounded.
A short line outside a building becomes a long line inside.
Always look out for number one. Don't step in number two either.
A failure will not appear till a unit has been shipped.
Did you hear about the guy who lost his whole left side?
In progress -- it may be slow but it is steady. Please bear with us. Thank you.
Housework is something you do that nobody notices until you don't do it.
Are you renting the space in your head? It could be profitable.
It's every bit as bad as you think and they are out to get you.
Ink drys, paper burns, but what is written in the soul will last an eternity.
I'm not afraid of death! What's it going to do? Kill me?
Question authority and the authorities will question you.
I'm not sloppy, I'm organizationally challenged.
He looked like a bum and he smelled like a whore.
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the sudden stop.
Why do women shave off their eyebrows, then paint them back on?
If you have time to worry, you have time to pray.
If you can read this I can hit my brakes and sue you.
Hey, Rush! Since when is 15 million a majority in this country?
Death is the greatest kick of all. That's why they save it for last.
As a general rule, teachers teach more by what they are than by what they say.
To prevent disease, please boil ice cubes before using.
If elvis were alive right now, he'd be scratching at the inside of his coffin.
WinErr: 019 User error - Not our fault. Is Not! Is Not!
In olden times, it is reported that sacrifices were made at the altar. Well, times haven't changed at all!
The opinion of the intelligent is better than the certainty of the ignorant.
Why buy a product that it takes 2000 flushes to get rid of?
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
If you laid all the economist end to end, they would never reach a conclusion.
I plan to live a life of complete celibacy, just like my father and his father before him.
I've lost my wife here in the supermarket. Can you talk to me for a couple of minutes?
No amount of poor schooling can spoil a good student.
So tell me, are those cookies made with real Girl Scouts?
What do you call a snowman who plays the piano by the fireside?
ON THE MENU OF A SWISS RESTAURANT: Our wines leave you nothing to hope for.
I like your style, you got sheer class, but babe, my god, I WANT YOUR ASS!
Good judgment comes from experience; experience comes from bad judgment.
Jesus loves you...Everyone else thinks you are an ********.
Age doesn't always bring wisdom, sometimes age comes alone.
Sweetheart: I want you.Would you like to screw me?
You may use thes one-liners to live your life by, they're auctually are pretty good!!!
Hey, you want to go out for pizza and some sex? what, you don't like pizza?
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Prevent your milk from turning sour - keep it in the cow.
When your English professor says the author made his point; you ask if he pressed or not.
This is a one line proof...if we start sufficiently far to the left.
What do you call a stick of celery with high blood pressure?
It's nice to be important, but more important to be nice.
Why do black olives come in cans and green olives come in jars?
Dittoheads? Think for themselves? Hah hah hah hah!
Beer nuts cost a few dollars. Deer nuts are under a buck.
Freedom *OF* religion includes freedom *FROM* religion.
Passion: A feeling you feel when you feel a feeling you've never felt before.
The world is coming to an end! Repent and return those library books!
Always glad to share my ignorance - I've got plenty.
When the well is dry we know the worth of water.
Steve - popular and funny  hung like a donkey.
Your wife hasn't the foggiest idea of what you do at work.
Nothing seems to bring on an emergency as quickly as putting money aside in case of one.
Send Monopoly money to your favorite TV evangelist.
You can't spell bullshit without Bush!
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
I'm an influential person, gravitationally speaking.
Computer Literacy? You mean my computer is supposed to be able to read?
If you don't like my driving then honk, and wait for gun shots.
Those we hurt the most are often those we love the most.
They hang around the kitchen and it's hard to get rid of them.
You will be six months behind schedule on your first day.
Man can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the apples in a seed.
If you don't like my driving call 1-800-eat-shit.
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
He told her about the birds and the bees; the egg and the sperm; and male and female.
History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other.
Little Girl: Then according to what we were taught today in school, she must not have one....
She let him go as far as he wished, naturally, since he was her husband.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
WOMAN: The most efficient money reducing agent known to man-kind!
Your first mistake was trusting the people who sent you here.
Barometer: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
You wonder how gas stations keep their restrooms so clean.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak can sink a ship.
Philistines demand David be tested for steroids.
This one liner is identical to the one you are reading.
Judgment comes from experience; experience comes from poor judgment.
Men who say they can see through women are missing a lot.
Significant other not listening? Maybe you need some new communication skills. Rman to the rescue again!
What's black and brown and looks good on a politican . A doberman .
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
I want to be like Barbie, that bitch gets everything she wants.
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone might clean them?
You have saved every power cord from all your broken appliances.
If she has a boring repetitive job with low pay, this is exploitation.
Why does "slow down" and "slow up" mean the same thing?
You know it's going to be a bad day when... Your twin sister forgot your birthday.
The Usenet Oracle has pondered your question deeply.
Give an infinite number of monkeys an infinite number of keyboards, and no one will ever get on AOL again.
I drove cross-country with a friend and we split the driving. We switched every half mile.
Why are a 'wise man' and a 'wise guy' opposites?
You never feel compelled to stop a friend from getting laid.
At a breakfast table, there was a British couple, an American couple and an Australian couple.
Three Canadians and three Americans were travelling to a hockey game.
You will never get the urge to use the bathroom until you have left the station.
Higher beings from outer space may not want to tell us the secrets of life, because we're not ready.
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
Never leave hold of what you've got until you've got hold of something else.
You will be a winner today. In other words, fight with a four-year-old.
PERSIAN WIFE (not wanting to look stupid): Well, OK then.
One beautiful person and one old grouch live here.
I used up all my sick days, so I called in dead.
With your last HMO, your Prozac didn't come in different colors with little Ms on them.
Of all the bad four-letter words, DIET is the worst.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Dolphins: Don't trust a species that's always smiling, its up to something!
Don`t think that you`re thinking. If you think that you're thinking you only think that you're thinking.
Money can't buy everything. That's what credit cards are for.
Those men who don't understand women fall into two groups: bachelors and husbands.
I'm being held prisoner in a chocolate factory. Don't send help.
Parkinson's Second Law: Expenditures rise to meet income.
All I ask is the chance to prove that money cannot make me happy.
No one is strong enough to bear his burdens alone.
Of course I don't look busy . . . I did it right the first time.
Bad: You find a porn movie in your son's room. Worse: You're in it.
His cost of production is 4/5 of the price, or $80.
What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick.
Borrow money from pessimists-they don't expect it back.
Marriage is a great institution; but who wants to live in an institution?
A boss with no humor is like a job that is no fun.
Heavy, adj.: Seduced by the chocolate side of The Force.
If you think I'm a bitch, wait till you meet my mother.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Even the dullest candle burns brightly in the dark.
Your superior intellect is no match for out puny weapons!
Stupidity got me into this mess. Why can't it get me out?
Pessimist: A person that looks both ways when crossing a one way street.
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the soul of genius.
III. BATHROOMS: Always accompany guests to the bathroom. It is not necessary to do anything -- just sit and stare.
Get behind early so you have plenty of time to catch up.
Don't ask if they oil the blue dog at the Sega horse racing game.
H: Thirugudaam, Aadudhaam, Paadudaam, Ganthulu Yeddaam Inkemi?
The thermostat goes out, making it difficult to reach operating temperature.
Someday you will get your big chance -- or have you already had it?
Nothing? Soz, I guess UR just not SEXY But hey, i Didnt force it ugly, so get lost!
What hair color do they list on the driver's license of a bald man?
If you parked any closer I'd need a can opener to get out!
Machinery never breaks down when you don't really need it.
It's not how you pick your nose, but where you put the booger.
I went to the store to get pop (soda pop) and corn, and I came back with popcorn.
They who give have all things; they who withhold have nothing.
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat and wrong.
The magnitude of the goof is in direct proportion to the cost of the fabric.
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't.
Twisted mind? No, just bent in several strategic places.
I saw your patient today, who is still under our car for physical therapy.
There are 20 messages totalling 709 lines in this issue.
After a few seconds, the best friend does his business and she turns, on camera, and spits it right into . . .
Aim for the stars. But first, aim for their bodyguards.
My husband says I never listen to him. At least I think that's what he said.
Challenges can be stepping stones or stumbling blocks. It's just a matter of how you view them.
Young men think old men fools and old men know young men to be so.
Firefighters: we find them hot, and leave them wet!
Don't argue with a fool. The spectators can't tell the difference.
Man who drop watch in toilet bound to have shitty time.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has that keeps it from betting on people.
UFO'S ARE REAL! It's the Air Force that doesn't exist!
WELLHUNG: Well, I'll pay for it. Did it come from Walmart?
Out of disk space - Delete Windows ? [Y]es [H]ell yes!
A tragedy of mathematics is a beautiful conjecture ruined by an ugly fact.
If you don't care where you are, you are not lost.
Didn't you see the 25mph sign? No officer, I was driving too fast.
A ding in the door is more aggravating than a dent.
What do you get if you cross an Irishman with a German?
The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
Opportunity is often missed because it is disguised as hard work.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
The enemy inevitably attacks on two occasions: when they're ready and when you're not.
The colder the X-ray table, the longer your body is required on it.
By the time you find greener pastures, you can't climb the fence!
This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
A conclusion is often simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
Seeing is deceiving. It's eating that's believing.
SOFTWARE LAWYERS will claim that they own an entire herd based on the look and feel of one dropping.
Why do men get paid twice as much to do the same job?
Forgive your enemies but never forget their names.
I was young once, but I plan on being immature forever.
I've been doing some extremely abstract paintings. No paint, no canvas. I just think about it.
The diamond cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
Why is it that most irons have a setting for 'permanent press' garments?
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Temper is what gets most of us into trouble. Pride is what keeps us there.
Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
The collapse of character begins with compromise.
Do not regret growing old. It's a privilege denied to many.
If people concentrated on the really important things in life, there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
A glow worm is never glum... Because, how can you be grumpy when the sun shines out of your bum?
MS-DOS: celebrating ten years of continuous obsolescence.
Observation: Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Weeds are the only plants that thrive in miserable weather.
Until you walk a mile in someone's moccasins, you cannot imagine the smell.
If God lived on Earth, people would knock out his windows.
Secrecy at my job prevents me from knowing what I do.
Rule #1: Don't sweat the small stuff. Rule #2: It's all small stuff.
The two French men and the French woman are living happily together in a menage a trois.
Yesterday a 2 seater Cessna 152 crashed into an Irish cemetery.
Yuppie pregnant women don[singlequote]t go into labor, they go straight into management.
Sheer stockings. Designed for fancy dress, but so serviceable that lots of women wear nothing else.
I moved them to a higher spot on the Christmas tree.
Turn on an electric blanket and a cat will jump into bed at the speed of light.
If the number 2 pencil is so popular, why is it still number 2?
Busier than a one-eyed cat watching two mouse holes.
When you wake up in the morning and nothing hurts you can be sure you're dead.
Whatever happens, look as if you intended it to happen.
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit.
What did the bird say when it landed on the computer? - "Quit, quit".
We all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough?
Shell to DOS . . . Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS . . .
MAGAZINE -- bunch of printed pages that tell you what's coming in the next issue.
I always lie. In fact, I'm lying to you right now!
You're getting old when you're sitting in a rocker and you can't get it started.
Cats seem to go on the principle that it never does any harm to ask for what you want.
Tried to play my shoehorn... all I got was footnotes!
A weak mind is like a microscope. It magnifies trifling things, but cannot receive great ones.
Judge - Well then, I guess you want to live with your daddy.
Agent: That's right. We've been here all day and we're starving.
We're staying together for the sake of the cats.
On my tombstone: Whew! I didn't know pushing up daisies was this difficult.
Computers run because they have smoke built into them.
You know that a sky pilot is a soldier in the God squad.
Reference Manual: Object that raises the monitor to eye level. Also used to compensate for that short table leg.
Telling a man to go to hell and making him do it are two entirely different propositions.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off *now*.
Wellhung: I suddenly sneeze. Your breasts are covered with spit and phlegm.
Really Means: Create new title to make him or her feel appreciated.
If at first you don't succeed, try not to look astonished.
Nothing is ever completely foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Sometimes silence is the best way to yell at the top of your voice.
News flash: Microsoft announces Visual Edlin for Windows.
If you are not the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
Don't bother honking or flashing your lights, I'm deaf and blind.
Don't buy furs, it takes trees to make protest signs.
Never wish it was next week. Time is too precious to wish away.
Sleep: a completely inadequate substitute for caffeine.
Visit our restaurant! The food's great and you'll like the ambulance, too.
Some days we are the flies; some days we are the windscreen.
Diplomacy gets you out of what tact would have prevented.
Bring ideas in and entertain them royally, for one of them may be the king.
Thought this page was funny? Then give us a YES vote below!
Drunk TV .com Network, Mardi Gras, Mardi Gay, Spring Break and Attrocities.
Liberalism: On the cutting edge of societal decay.
Do you know anything about an immortal named Quinten Barnes?
Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality the cost becomes prohibitive. -- William F. Buckley, Jr.
Man: Oh, please forgive me sir. I had no idea you were her father!
Love is blind. And when you get married you get your eyesight back.
I read your mind, and trust me, it was a short story...
For Sale: Parachute, only used once, never opened, small stain.
Two men looked out of prison bars. One saw mud and the other saw stars.
Even worse than raining cats and dogs is hailing taxi's.
Yes, I've heard of ""decaf."" What's your point?
Five. One to change the bulb and four to contemplate how David Sanborn would have done it.
He too changes and flies away. the Mexican gets ready to go but Bhudda stops him.
Get your witchy laugh ready for some classic pagan humor!
I've been married for 49 years. (or it seems like 49 years....) Where have I failed?
Nobody can be exactly like me. Even I have trouble doing it.
Good: Your car conveniently "runs out of gas." Bad: For real.
Some people are educated beyond their intelligence.
Copy from one its plagiarism. Copy from two its research.
His doctor prescribed some pills, but they didn't help.
No one ever says It's only a game when their team is winning.
U.S. Airforce: Cruise missles delivered within 30 minutes or the next one is free..
Use the radio button to select the picture for your card. You may only select one picture per card.
All things being equal, fat people use more soap.
Fill what is empty; empty what is full; scratch where it itches.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions and littered with sloppy analysis.
Most girls tend to marry men who are like their Dads. This is the real reason Mothers cry at weddings.
The girl at the counter said "Would you like some fries with that".
If you think you're fat, you probably are. Don't ask us.
Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means that you laugh at his.
Breakfast in New York, Lunch in Paris. Baggage in Hong Kong.
Jesus loves you  Everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Spend $240,000 and 8 years to become a REAL doctor so you can get laid.
I keep missing my ex, but my aim is getting better.
To the surprise of the boss, the small voice whispered, No..
What do bungee jumping and sex with a prostitute have in common?
The sewing machine light usually burns out on Sunday.
In order to get a loan, you must first prove that you don't need it.
An Elephant; A Mouse built to government specifications.
What you are thunders so loudly in my ears that I cannot hear what you are saying.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Why are there so many songs for Christmas but barely any for all the other holidays?
There is only one difference between a madman and me. I am not mad.
I fear my inferiority complex is not as good as yours.
Many people had tried over time (weight-lifters, truck drivers, etc.) but nobody could do it.
To most people solutions mean finding the answers. But to chemists solutions are things that are still all mixed up.
If the cops arrest a mime, do they have to tell him he has the right to remain silent?
Behind every successful man stands a devoted wife and a surprised mother-in-law.
Anything that can be changed will be changed until there is no time left to change anything.
Salmon Day: The experience of spending an entire day swimming upstream only to get screwed and die in the end.
If you think that there is good in everybody, you haven't met everybody.
Generally speaking, you aren't learning much if your lips are moving.
What do you call a man who paints with a casserole?
Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route.
We therefore take no responsibility for your actions if you act on one of our facts.
Tuna just doesn't taste the same without dolphin.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
What does a man consider to be a seven-course meal?
If We Don't Take Care of the Customer, Maybe They'll Stop Bugging Us.
Send more tourists--the last ones were delicious!
Cigarette: A pinch of tobacco, wrapped in paper, fire at one end, fool at the other.
Abbey National condoms - Because life is complicated enough.
Any theory can be made to fit any facts by means of appropriate additional assumptions.
You know what they say about celebrity deaths... They come in trees.
Marriage is punishment for shoplifting in some countries.
Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.
Despite the cost of living, ever notice how it remains so popular?
How do blind people know when they are done wiping?
I'd whistle while I work, but all I know are happy songs.
The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on forecasters.
Imagine the silence if everyone said only what they know.
Sects! Sects! Sects! Is that all Monks think about?
Now that I've given up hope I feel much better...
It's a small world, unless you have to paint it.
Ben - kind hearted, will do anything for the one he loves.
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great.
If you can't say anything nice, sit right here by me.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor.
Quigley's Law: Whoever has any authority over you, no matter how small, will attempt to use it.
When people make a new Champagne, do they break a boat over it?
The Czech's in the mail. Sending Frenchman by FAX.
One day, a cat dies of natural causes and goes to heaven, where he meets the Lord.
Total strangers need love too; and I am stranger than most.
The shortest distance between two points has a bridge out.
Yes, this is my pickup. No, I will not help you move.
What do you get when cross a Godfather with a lawyer?
We have a quiet home life. I don't speak to her and she doesn't speak to me.
When Congress balances the budget, we end up budgeting the balance.
Personality: Flaky, whiny, annoying; a pain in the buttocks.
How Online Shopping Save Money, Effort  Time?
Illegal error detected - You are not allowed to get this error.
Habit is a cable; we spin a thread of it every day and at last we can not break it.
It's hard to be humble when you're as great as I am.
Indian build small fire stand real close, White man build BIG fire stand way back....
Money isn't everything, but it keeps the kids in touch!
What's worse than your doctor telling you you've got VD?
Just beat the feeling - Smash all the Coke bottles!
A man spends the first half of his life learning habits that shorten the other half of his life.
A woman's appetite is twice that of a man's; her sexual desire, four times; her intelligence, eight times.
So now when someone says, "You don't know jack Schitt" you can correct them.
My girl and me, we are so perfect, she loves me, and I love myself too...
You can't lead someone to somewhere you ain't going.
The greatest headaches are those we cause ourselves.
Clever cats always seem to be getting out of a scrape, but they only have one life, just like us.
Fundamentalism - Thr nagging fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Old Statisticians never die. They just get broken down by age and sex.
Not one man in a beer commercial has a beer belly, ever notice?
Don't be irreplaceable -- if you can't be replaced, you won't be promoted.
Do employees of the Lipton Tea company take coffee breaks?
Today's children would be less spoiled if we could spank grandparents!
Project Manager -- The conductor of an orchestra in which every musician has a different union.
Freud had it all wrong. Life is not just about sex. Its also about...oh wait, sorry, yes it is.
The light that burns twice as bright, burns half as long.
Good: The postman's early. Bad: He's wearing camos and has an AK-47.
DC............................Where Washington is.
If there were a single word to describe me it would have to be profectionist.
Why did the Zen Buddhist get reincarnated as a Pizza Supreme? He wanted to be one with everything.
What do you call a child raised in a house of ill repute?
The solving of a problem lies in finding the solvers.
I do whatever the voices in my head tell me to do.
What are "Do It," "I Can Help" and "Can't Get Enough"?
The pilot light is out on my flame of ambition .- Pooh Bear.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
If you want something badly, that is how you get it.
I Wouldn't Take Her To A Dawg Fight, Cause I'm Afraid She'd Win.
How many men does it take to open a beer ?. . . .
The organization of any program reflects the organization of the people who developed it.
That which we resist the most is what we become.
The toughest thing in business is minding your own.
Life is complex. It has both real and complex parts.
If only old age had a chance or youth any brains.
You know a barnacle is happy from the big ship eating grin.
If you're not in business for fun or profit, what the h--- are you doing here?
I asked an economist for her phone number....and she gave me an estimate.
The greatest hate springs from the greatest love.
One way to better your lot is to do a lot better...
The average tourist wants to go to places where there are no tourists.
The young are slaves to novelty, the old to custom.
Timmy tearfully, and I've just buried him. The neighbor was concerned.
Relax. I'll introduce you to a boxer. His nose is broken, he can't smell a thing!
Why do gas stations lock their bathrooms? Are they afraid that someone is going to clean them?
Woman who ride bicycle in city pedal ass all over town.
I've got one nerve left, and you're getting on it.
Stop animal testing. They're stupid and only give wrong answers.
The Army Axiom: Any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood.
Free Yorkshire Terrier. 8 yrs. old. Unpleasant little dog.
One drink is just right, two are too many, three are too few.
Can you yell Movie! in a crowded firehouse?
Just then Natalie appeared and announced to the old man that she charges $1,000 per hour.
The cigarette does the smoking, you're just the sucker.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
My cat is not lazy, he is motivationally challenged.
Why do the camera men for baseball games always show the players at the moments they are adjusting their cups?
When there's a will, there's a way..when there's a won't, there isn't.
Do you know the lyrics to the Macarena? -- Wai Yu Sing Dum Song?
A helicopter crashes into an Irish cemetery.705 bodies were recovered.
If you keep trying to prove Murphy's law will something keep going wrong?
I'm going to graduate on time, no matter how long it takes.
Press any key to continue not the [shift] key you idiot !!!
Boss: Someone who is early when you are late and late when you are early.
The two men stopped, looked at each other, and then swapped their sandwiches.
The hardness of butter is always directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
Doing nothing is tiring 'cause you can't take a break!
Justice always prevails....three times out of seven.
Did you know they took the word gullible out of the dictionary?
Did you hear about the Irishman who went duck-hunting?
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
Revolution: An abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
The facts, although interesting, are usually irrelevant.
Liberty, n. One of imaginations most precious possessions.
If I want to hear the pitter patter of little feet I'll put shoes on my cat.
Is Bill Clinton the cousin Mr. Spock never talked about?
The President of the largest gas company, Edward Hopson, is insane.
I have friends who swear they dream in color; I say it's just a pigment of their imagination.
An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support.
Why did Frankensteins' monster go to the psychiatrist? He thought one of his screws were loose!
Unhappiness is in not knowing what we want and killing ourselves to get it.
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
Heres one for ya ... guns dont kill people people dont kill people niggers with triggers kill people ...
Looking for funny inspirational quotes? You'll find lots of inspiring quotes in our 'Top 10' List of Favorites...
If you have too many special cases, you are doing it wrong. -Craig Zerouni, Computer FX Ltd.
The two Japanese have faxed Tokyo and are awaiting instructions.
I'm not...no, I am...no, I'm not. Do you think I'm indecisive?
Why the heck are you wasting your time reading this?
So you BECOME 21, TURN 30, PUSH 40, REACH 50 and MAKE it to 60.
DEFINITION: Mhz- Acronym for 'Megahurtz', meaning 'a million pains'.
You know that indestructible black box that is used on aeroplanes?
I feel like I was eaten by a wolf and crapped off a cliff.
A hospital is a place where the staff have more complaints than the patients.
An alarm clock is a device for awakening people who don't have small children.
The wife said, "That's fantastic, but how much are the greens fees?" "They, too, are free!" replied St. Peter.
Always yeild to temptation, it may never come this way again.
If a tree falls in the woods, and lands on a mime, does anyone care?
You are the only person who can truly make you happy.
When the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to is on time.
Clairvoyant's meeting canceled due to unforeseen events.
Getting screwed while everybody else is getting laid.
Arnold Schwarzenegger virus... Terminates and stays resident. It'll be back.
Authority tends to assign jobs to those least able to do them.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
When companies ship styrofoam, what do they pack it in?
Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capabilities of the programmer who must maintain it.
From: dcp#NoSpam.alpha.sunquest.com (Dave Peterson) If the Titanic had struck a Heisenberg, would it still be floating?
Mayonnaise: One of the sauces which serve the French in place of a state religion.
Men's restroom, Greasewood Flats, Scottsdale, Arizona.
Having a Smoking Section in a restaurant is a little like having a Peeing Section in a pool!
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Fun, fun, fun, 'til her daddy takes her Blue Wave away!
Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them.
Reality is the indefinite enumeration of objects.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
But how many lightbulbs does it take to change a person?
I thought I wanted a career, but it turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Fatal system error detected. Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.
Don't be irreplaceable - if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
One minute of silence is worth one hour of explanation.
I am not a trained killer ... I lead trained killers.
You thought the Freedom Bird was mythical...until you boarded.
If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?
Pun: the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it first.
Exceptions prove the rule ... and wreck the budget.
Wellhung: I'm taking the sopping wet blouse from you. I drop it with a plop.
How does a blind parachutist know when he's about to hit the ground?
Latest conspiracy theory: Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
Penelope - pit stop queen, likes men to be stiff.
Reality? Yeah, I've played that game -- The plot *sucks*, but the graphics are awesome!
Gorgeous, intelligent, kind, sweet, charming, witty, hilarious, friendly...well enough about ME! How are you?
BUFFERS=7 FILES=5, 2nd Down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!
Plan A never works. Plan B almost never works. No one ever has a Plan C.
Women's desire for intimacy often results in sex.
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of a drive-up ATM?
Your cars AM/FM radio will only go out when you have had only 4 hours of sleep before your shift.
When you are green you are growing, so stay green.
Quotations are for people who are not saying things worth quoting.
Heck is where you go if you don't believe in Gosh.
I like being single. I'm always there when I need me.
Next was a job in a shoe factory; I tried but I just didn't fit in.
It's not the bullet that kills you, it's the hole.
SYMPTOM: Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, and the front of your shirt is wet.
Don't follow the crowd. Everyone may be going to the dentist.
The elevator always comes after you have put down your bag.
Nothing's impossible for those who don't have to do it.
An expert is nothing more than an ordinary person away from home.
They say no woman ever made a fool out of you.Obviously someone did,so who was it?
Strange notions? I got your strange notions right here.
Everyone needs to believe in something. I believe in chocolate.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
She found out about it through some anonymous letters.
Quoting one is plagiarism; Quoting many is research.
Just then the Little Angel opened the front door and stepped in from the snowy night, dragging a Christmas Tree.
The ONLY time you have too much fuel is when you're on fire.
Which came first, the woman or the department store?
Sin Tax? Since when is the government a religion?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
Then I threw away the outsides of my Oreo cookie.
You know the only people in this world who are always sure about the proper way to raise children?
My kid had sex with your South High honor student.
They were born the year that Walkmen were introduced by Sony.
By all means, let's not confuse ourselves with the facts!
I think sex is better than logic, but I cannot prove it.
It will give your ex-boy/girlfriend your new phone number.
JESUS LOVES YOU It's everybody else that thinks you're an ass.
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
Why do women always fall for the wrong kind of guy?
Did you hear about the blonde who lost $50 on a TV football play?
Have you seen the new Iraqi Flag? White stars on a white field.
If idiots could fly, then this would be an airport.
The problem with reality is the lack of background music.
If you get a job in a duty-free shop, is there anything to do?
The phone will not ring until you leave your desk and walk to the other end of the building.
I got a lot of ideas. Trouble is, most of them suck.
Don't try to have the last word; you might get it.
I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain, no pain.
Casual sex is the best, because you don't have to wear a tie.
When you are there alone, everyone will come and they will be impatient.
Seven million of these were antiques; the rest were college students.
Allen's Axiom: When all else fails, follow instructions.
What do you do if an Irishman throws a hand grenade at you?
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
She who waits for the knight in shining armor gets to clean up after the horse.
Anything worth fighting for is worth fighting dirty for.
Don't steal - the Government doesn't want competition.
It takes more money to amuse todays children than it took to educate their parents.
We do not count a man's years until he has nothing else to count.
When they are alone, all foreigners prefer to speak English to each other.
Remember the time when skydiving was dangerous and sex was safe...?
Do Chinese people get hungary an hour after they eat American food?
You have a collection of miniature shampoo bottles that you take every time you stay in a hotel.
Be good to your children; they will pick out your nursing home.
THIS IS THE AIRCRAFT CARRIER ENTERPRISE, WE ARE A LARGE WARSHIP OF THE US NAVY. DIVERT YOUR COURSE NOW!
It's better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
Most packages say Open here. What do you do if the package says, Open somewhere else?
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark - professionals built the Titanic.
You look forward to Christmas so you can put together the kids toys.
The sum of human knowledge is not contained in any one language.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
I will not chew my human's toothbrush and not tell them.
I always try to go the extra mile at work, but my boss always finds me and brings me back.
Punctuality is something that, if you have it, there's often no one around to share it with you.
The length of a minute depends on which side of a bathroom door you're standing on.
Am I getting smart with you? ... How would you know?
Click Here to Return to The AHS Class of '74 Home Page.
What's the best thing about your child turning 3 years of age?
I'm sorry, Reality is not in service at this time.
What's the difference between a golf ball and a woman's G-spot ?.
Kissing a man without a moustache is like eating an egg without salt.
Most accidents happen at home - and the men have to eat them.
Foolproof operation: All parameters are hard coded.
Your not the only one who thinks I don't know what I'm doing.
And Last: On The Washington Post: Do not cut up and use for blackmail note.
When their numbers dwindled from 50 to 8, the dwarfs began to suspect Hungry.
Credit is a system that lets us start at the bottom and dig ourselves a hole.
The stakes are much too high for government to be a spectator sport.
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.
When you're in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
Make your mark in the world, or at least spray in each corner.
Your only young once; you can be immature forever.
As Freud taught us, there are always problems if you know how to look for them.
The Nun once again says, "Father remember Psalm 129".
Rule: To get a loan, first prove you don't need it.
When you drop coins, the pennies will fall nearby, while all the others will roll out of sight.
Worst case scenario: Your Help button disintegrates.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
Don't be mad about growing old, some aren't that lucky.
Teach kids the value of a dollar, give them a dime.
The Halloween pumpkin on your front porch has more teeth than your spouse.
Treeware - Hacker slang for documentation or other printed material.
It's a dog eat dog world out there. And they're short on napkins.
Room for improvement is the largest room in the world.
Who do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?
Finagle's Fourth Law: Once a job is messed up, anything done to improve it makes it worse.
How many clarinetists does it take to change a lightbulb?
War never decides who is right, only who is left.
Minds are like parachutes. They work best when open. Just make sure the strings are still attached.
I try not to have any ideas. They lead to complications.
You buy clothes from K-mart and put it in a recycled gift box from Macy's before giving it.
Is a watch out for children sign a birth control ad?
Woman: Yes, and this one will be if you sit down.
Snorting sherbet will not produce the same effect as snorting coke despite the similarity in appearance.
Will there be another Universe after the Big Bang?
You are cautioned to slow down by the doctor instead of by the police.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.
Divorce - from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet.
The most exciting place to discover talent is within yourself.
All the other questions, not new, but still without an answer....
Today, car sickness is what you get from looking at the sticker price.
Man who take lady on camping trip have one intent.
Debbie, the blonde, had plastic surgery the other day. Her husband cut up her credit cards.
Bureaucracy is a challenge to be conquered with a righteous attitude, a tolerance for stupidity, and a bulldozer when necessary.
Libraries: There are no answers, only cross references.
If it's tourist season, Then why can't we hunt them.
Love many, trust few, and always paddle your own canoe.
When money talks, hardly anyone pays attention to the grammar.
Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world.
Motherhood: it's not just a job, it's an adventure.
There are two sides to a question and politicians take both.
He takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light.
A sex symbol becomes a thing. I hate being a thing.
Why do they call it a "building"? It looks like they're finished. Why isn't it a "built"?
Boykottiert Microsoft - Kauft Eure Fenster bei OBI!
Beer Nuts are $1.50, and Deer Nuts are under a Buck.
No matter which book you need, it's on the bottom shelf.
Dr. Andrew Jones, an archaeologist from York, England, believes the find to be most significant.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Hell yea im drunk! what do you think I am, a stunt driver?
If you can read this, your too close. (written in brail).
Never let a man's mind wander, it's too little to be out on it's own!!!!
Fall is when the leaves slowly turn from green to gold to work.
I'd rather look for dead people than have 'em look for me.
References: None. I've left a path of destruction behind me.
The number of witnesses available is inversely proportional to the skill you demonstrate.
I don't have to be dead to donate my organ. Want it?
You're asleep, but others worry that you're dead.
I'd like to, honestly, right after I finish my eternal dirt nap.
You have an irresistible urge to bite the noses of the people you are talking to.
I'd like to slap you senseless but I see someone already has.
Famous last words: This is the safe way to do it...
The two most abundant things in the universe, hydrogen and stupidity.
Why is it that we recite at a play and play at a recital?
You can't believe everything you hear, but you can repeat it.
If at first you don't succeed, blame it on your supervisor.
Did Joseph get upset when the Boy Jesus gave away his coin collection?
You will always forget the most important item if you don't make a list.
She got a mudpack and looked great for two days. Then the mud fell off.
If you don't like my attitude, phone 1-800-WHO-CARES.
Sometimes the depths of your stupidity amazes me.
Charlie was a chemist, but Charlie is no more. What Charlie thought was H2O was H2SO4.
Peter - cutie but very shy, makes women feel like virgins.
You are making progress if each mistake is a new one.
The abandoned pasture still contains a bull.
Anything that happens enough times to irritate you will happen at least once more.
Immorality: the morality of those having a better time.
If you are offended by such, please do not read the jokes or subscribe to the mailing list.
The problem with your gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
Never let your studies interfere with your education.
You no longer drink at home to save money before going to a bar.
Your old man and your dog are both at the front door barking. Which one do you let in?
Ulcers are caused not so much by what we eat as what's eating us.
Sorry I am late, I couldn't find the remote control to the remote control.
My class on assertiveness was a success. We revolted and deposed the teacher.
Dogs look up to you; cats look down at you; only a pig looks at you as an equal.
Men are made rich, not by what the world can give, but by what it cannot take away.
Women always go to public restrooms in groups. It gives them a chance to gossip.
Any man who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
One Crew leader is never enough but two is entirely too many.
A hardware failure will cause system software to crash, and the customer engineer will blame the programmer.
How can you think outside the box if you don't know what the box is?
On a calendar: Use of term "Sunday" for reference only. No meteorological warranties express or implied.
Please hold. All muses are busy right now, but your inspiration is important to us...
Any IC protected by a fast acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
Lauren - pert breasts, seldom ventures out at night.
Maybe one day I will be able to play baseball. Right now I can only be third base.
If you do a thorough check of your trailer before hauling, your truck will break down.
Everything is possible except skiing through revolving doors.
If somthing is confidential, it will be left in the copier machine.
An amateur athlete shows his/her disdain for money by insisting that it be passed under the table.
What do you get if you cross a 'Jackaroo'- Bunny with a Dr. Frankenstien?
You've seen the ground while inside the lavatory of a train.
To love is to risk getting hurt. Not to risk loving is the greatest risk of all.
The Funny Site of the Day - Stealth Disco and Other Funny We...
They won't catch us, we're on a mission from God!
WELLHUNG: How did you do that so easily? Damn thing! I`m picking up the bra and inspecting the clasp...
Remember that two wrongs do not make a right- but that three lefts do.
What would the world be like without hypothetical situations?
The two great tragedies in life: Not getting what one wants and getting it.
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Girl - I want to live with the Indian Cricket team, they never beat anybody !!!
Duct tape is like the Force. It has a dark side, a light side, and holds the universe together.
In a few years I'll be tall enough to see over the wheel.
Submitted by Anonymous on Fri, 12/26/2003 - 17:35.
Has your flight been delayed? -- Hao Long Wei Ting?
I used to have a photographic memory, but it was never developed....
Talk? How about I get out the bamboo shoots and we can stick them under our fingernails as we talk?
GUI (pronounced gooey): What your computer becomes after spilling your coke on it.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail in the process.
The solution of this problem is trivial and is left as an exercise for the reader.
Zygote: A gamete's way of producing more gametes.
When four or more men get together, they talk about sports.
Always give generously; a bird or rodent left on the bed tells them, I care.
Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry.
Definition of atheism: a non-prophet organization.
Respect cannot be learned, purchased or acquired - it can only be earned.
Character is not made in a crisis - it is only exhibited.
If you wear your heart on your sleeve, where do you display other bodily parts?
Four hours to bury a cat? Yes - it wouldnt keep still.
His curiosity piqued, he finds a hole in the fence and looks inside.
A seminar on time travel will be held in two weeks ago.
The trouble with experience as a teacher is that the test comes first and the lesson after.
DEFINITION: Language- A system of organizing and defining syntax errors.
When eating with someone else,calories don't count if you both eat the same amount.
I ONLY said that it was impossible, NOT that I could not do it!
Nothing is opened more often by mistake than the mouth.
There cannot be a crisis today, my schedule is already full.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
The authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.
What's the difference between a 69 and being mugged?
Alimony is having to say you're sorry once a month.
Being popular is important, otherwise people might not like you.
Why do we kill people for killing people to show that killing is wrong?
Everyone breaks more than the seven-year-bad-luck allotment to cover rotten luck throughout an entire lifetime.
The best safety device in a car is a rear view mirror with a policeman in it.
Many participants have a condition known as macular degeneration, which makes it difficult for them to distinguish facial features.
The geologist replies, No, Chief. You're mistaken.
A nut dropped on the ground will roll until it finds a crack to fall into.
The obscure a bureaucrat may see eventually; the completely apparent takes forever.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I'm going to blame you.
Why call it "take a dump" when you leave something behind?
Hear of an opportunity, problem or useful information? - Then email MIG and we'll broadcast to the network.
What if the Hokey-Pokey really IS what it's all about?
When it[singlequote]s you against the world, bet on the world.
What do you get when you mix Holy Water with Castor Oil?
Reading the fine print is education; not reading it is experience.
The probability of a hard-disk crash increases with the number of days since the drive was last backed up.
I Would Have Wrote You A Letter, But I Couldn't Spell Yuck!
Do infants have as much fun in their infancy as adults do in adultery?
Usenet is cheaper than drugs, just as addictive, but you have to know how to read!
If you drink, don't park. Accidents cause people!
How good a cold grape Nehi and cheese crackers are at a country store.
It's not a dungeon ... It's a fortified underground defense installation.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
I have plenty of talent and vision. I just don't care.
Son, you don't have bad luck. Bad things happen to you because you're a dumbass.
The person who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.
A perfect wife is one who helps the husband with the dishes.
It doesn't make a difference what temperature a room is, it's always room temperature.
Sent in by Jan Thomas who believes that we have wars because we have politicans.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
There is no such thing as an atheist in a foxhole.
Even if I'm not asleep, that doesn't mean I'm awake.
Hi, do you want to have my children? No.?? ...Okay, then can we just practice?
Always accompany guests to the bathroom. It is not necessary to do anything. Just sit and stare.
Great Literature is simply language charged with meaning to the utmost possible degree.
I know that there are people who do not love their fellow man, and I hate people like that!
What part of "Thou Shalt Not...." didn't you understand?
I'm not an alcoholic, I am a drunk. Alcoholics go to meetings.
A man who says marriage is a 50-50 proposition doesn't understand two things: 1 - Women, 2 - Fractions.
Preparing for the worst doesn't mean it won't happen.
When all is said and done, there is usually more said than done.
Grandchildren are spoiled because you can't spank the Grandma!
But while playing crib I like the ones that I learnned from my aunt..
Looking for a helping hand? There's one on your arm.
These are things you Don't want to hear in Surgery!
The biggest man you ever did see once was a baby.
IN CASE OF FIRE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO USE THE LIFTS - try a fire extinquisher.
Fact: 99.9+% of homosexuals were raised by heterosexual parents.
Congress finds more profit in supporting tobacco than you.
Remember: Don't Insult the Alligator till after you cross the river.
What goes over hill and vale, makes a noise but never a trail? The wind!
Calculus - if you lie over and over it becomes the truth.
Law of Probability Disperal: Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
Stock up and save. Limit: one. Semi-Annual after-Christmas Sale.
One of life's mysteries is how a 2 pound box of candy can make a woman gain 5lbs.
TANSTAFL: There Ain't No Such Thing As a Free Lunch.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
When my mind wanders away, I'm left sitting here.
No rug may remain in its naturally flat state for very long.
The occasional well-rendered belch is practically expected.
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back...! Nice Ass.
I got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
I did read the docs, I just didn't understand them.
Some days, the most interesting thing on the TV is a sleeping cat!
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm.
I saw a bank that said "24 Hour Banking", but I don't have that much time.
Commit suicide. A hundred thousand lemmings cannot be wrong.
Of course you're faster, but I'm driving in front of you.
You're very smart. You have brains you never used.
It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.
Baseball player: He who needs weeks of spring training for a summer of playing games.
Work: a necessary evil for money to buy computer stuff.
The longest town name in the world has 167 letters.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.
Vitamins are good for what ails you. Viagra is good for what fails you.
If you're driving close enough to read this, you probably learned to drive in Texas.
I want to establish a meaningful relationship with your pocketbook.
If you want to make God laugh, tell Him your plans.
If a large pane of glass is visible, someone will be thrown through it before long.
Eleven tons of hair stolen. Police combing area.
Drive carefully - 99% of the population is caused by accidents!
On Christmas Eve, you left Santa a beer and a Slim Jim.
Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto, half not bee.
The future is when you'll wish you'd done what you aren't doing now.
Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.
An open mind is often an invitation to drop a worthwhile thought into it.
I don't mean to be a snob, but I get my Venetian blinds directly from Venice.
Do you know why they have to alternate days for Driver's Ed and Sex Education in Iranian schools?
Gift card. Choose between Target or Wal-mart cards Submit your email NOW !
Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
A computer makes as many mistakes in two seconds as 20 men working 20 years make.
Life is not a dress rehearsal. Everyday is game day.
Men love a challenge - women normally provide this.
If life gives you lemons, stick them down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger.
About the time we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
The two rules of success: 1. Don't tell everything you know.
Cats are children that you don't have to send to college.
Second chances aren't usually associated with first impressions.
Blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats.
Money can't buy happiness; it can, however, rent it.
I like arithmetic ifs, they make code more interesting.
If quiters never win, and winners never cheat, then who is the fool who said "Quit while you're ahead"?
It's hard to be graceful getting off you high horse.
Inside every small problem is a large problem struggling to get out.
Got up and dressed myself. What more do you want?
If at first you don't succeed, transform your dataset.
How many CyberPagans does it take to change a lightbulb?
The advantage of exercising every day is that you die healthier.
Ingrate: A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion.
Sharpjokes.com | Sharp jokes. Share jokes and funny stories. Tons of absolutely free jokes to read!
I have a grip on reality--just not this particular one.
Bid Opening -- A poker game in which the losing hand wins.
If you get to thinkin' you're a person of some influence, try order'in somebody else's dog around.
There's no speed limit on the information superhighway.
I asked my psychiatrist if she thought I was crazy, she said no, so I let her up.
Childish game: one at which your spouse beats you.
Church: The only society on earth that exists for the benefit of non-members.
Please tell your pants it's not polite to point.
Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it.
Even a short pencil is more reliable then the longest memory.
Inside every large program is a small program struggling to get out.
Revenge has no more quenching effect on emotions than salt water has on thirst.
You say the same sentence over and over again, not realizing that you have said it before.
If only people came with pull-down menus and on-line help.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Denise - sits on cat's eyes, wears too much make up.
You can't strengthen the weak by weakening the strong.
When the sex is the same but the dishes keep piling up in the sink.
Who can I blame for my problems? Just give me a minute. . . . I'll find someone.
SURREALISM: You have two giraffes. The government requires you to take harmonica lessons.
Squirt the Bird - To transmit a signal to a satellite.
When you were born the doctor slapped your mother.
The worst thing about censorship is [deleted by censorship bureau].
Not tonight honey.. This is a recording .. not tonight honey..
Some oxygen molecules help fires burn while others help make water, so sometimes it's brother against brother.
When bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought.
Playboy is coming out with a new magazine for men who are married.
If crime fighters fight crime, and fire fighters fight fire, then what do freedom fighters fight?
Sweetheart: I'm standing up and turning around; an incredulous look on my face.
If helium existed in a solid form, and you ate it would you get heavier or lighter?
Bill Clinton's not like Jimmy Carter ... more like Billy.
Common sense is the least common of all the senses.
H: Thirugona, Kuniyona, Hadona, Aadona, Majaa Madona... Innenu?
Trust no government that wants to disarm its citizen.
No matter what result is anticipated, someone will always fit the facts to it.
If you make it over 100, you become a little kid again.
One nice thing about egoists: They don't talk about other people.
Experiments should be reproducible - they should all fail in the same way.
I'd love to, but I'm up to my elbows in waxy buildup.
God only made so many perfect heads. The rest he covered with hair.
You might be a Desi if, you go back to your apartment for lunch.
When I shout to my dog attack - he has one!
Below Average Pilot: Unequal number of takeoffs and landings.
What's the difference between government bonds and men?
Do you have to open graves to find a girl to fall in love with?
Taking notes during colloquia is highly overrated.
Our experienced Mom will care for your child. Fenced yard, meals, and smacks included.
Is it possible for the puppies in a litter to have more than one daddy?
Unable to locate TEAEARLGREY.HOT - Enterprise halted!
The 2 German men have a strict weekly schedule of when they alternate with the German woman.
Go the extra mile. It makes your boss look like an incompetent slacker.
Was the crucifixion just a dice game that got terribly, terribly out of hand?
If My Nose Were Full of Nickels, I'd Blow It All On You.
To the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
Reality is a crutch for people who cannot deal with Science Fiction.
You are here and this is the highlight of your day.
Alimony: A system wherein two people make a mistake, and one of them keeps on paying for it.
When all is said and done, more is said than done.
Worry is interest paid on trouble before it comes due.
If laws were outlawed, only outlaws would be lawyers.
What do you call a clairvoyant midget who escaped from prison?
If you want enemies, excel your friends; if you want friends, let your friends excel you.
The recitation instructor would make a good parking lot attendant.
Intelligence is knowing the difference between temptation and opportunity.
If it takes a bloodbath, let's get it over with. No more appeasement. - R.
Eskimos who sit on the ice too long get polaroids.
If you think something is important, no one else will.
You're not yourself today. I noticed the improvement immediately.
Some days you step in it...some days you don't...
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
US Ship: This is the Captain of a US Navy ship. I say again, divert YOUR course.
When you pass hitchhikers, they put their thumbs down.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I just let her sleep.
Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are driving taxi cabs and cutting hair.
My tennis play is rather sloppy, because I play tennis with relish.
Let's hear it for Larry Waters, the 1997 Darwin Award Winner.
Why do it the easy way when the complicated way sounds so much simpler?
To every rule there is an exception, and vice versa.
While an office mate is out, move their chair into the elevator.
If you're not the lead dog, everything looks the same!
If a stealth bomber crashes in a forest, and no one is around to hear, does it make a sound?
A bird in the hand makes it difficult to blow your nose.
She got her good looks from her father - he's a plastic surgeon.
I know what you're thinking, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
Did you hear about the woman who started dating rakes and fell on hard tines?
He quickly answered "Oh, the dog's leash goes slack".
Iraq shot down 38 Patriot missiles with their Scuds.
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab: Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
When your finally holding all the cards, why does everyone else decide to play chess?
I was a war baby; one look at me and my parents fought!
It's okay to be ugly...but aren't you overdoing it?
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
Bathroom scale: Something you stand on and swear at.
When they hit rock bottom, Some people will climb out. The others will begin to dig.
There's so much to learn and so much of it not worth learning.
Of course I can keep secrets - it's the people I tell them to who can't keep them.
Democracy is based upon the conviction that there are extraordinary possibilities in ordinary people.
Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.
I still miss my ex ... but my aim is getting better!
WELLHUNG: I find the bathroom, but not the light switch. I`m feeling around for the toilet. I lift the lid.
And several other things that I shouldn't even mention.
You know there is a company selling real brains for transplant now?
BBC Radio Newcastle; How long did the Six Day war between Egypt and Israel last ?
Over what hill? Where? When? I don't remember any hill.
Anudder brilyant mind diztroyed by da publik educashun sistum.
He is not only dull within, but causes dullness without.
What came first, the woman or the department store?
Men would like monogamy better if it sounded less like monotony.
True happiness may be sought, thought, or caught -- but never bought.
I know! I'll transcribe the conversations between the voices in my head and send them to you!!!
Didn't that feel good, just to go back and say, Yeah, I remember that?
Good: You go to see a strip show. Bad: Your daughter's the headliner.
The boss now realises why everyone working for him is full of s*@# .
If a thing is worth doing it would have been done already.
Screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Inalienable. Human rights. Even your language is racist!
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
Could it be that all those trick-or-treaters wearing sheets aren't going as ghosts - but as mattresses?
It's time to discover the meaning of life and get it over with.
The perfect guest is one who makes his host feel at home.
A hypochondriac is a person who wants to have his ache and treat it too.
I've got a plan so cunning, you could put a tail on it and call it a weasel.
The first and worst of all frauds is to cheat one's self.
Cory - funny but ugly, ends up running fashion magazines.
It is socially acceptable to have a beer in the stands at a football game.
Anyone can do any amount of work if it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing.
I just got lost in thought, and it was unfamiliar territory.
If Satan ever loses his hair, there'll be hell toupee.
I fired my masseuse today. She just rubbed me the wrong way.
No portion of Clever Magazine may be copied or reprinted without express consent of the editor.
When I was 10, my pa told me never to talk to strangers ... we haven't spoken since.
Wrong! 30 minutes of begging is NOT considered foreplay.
The squeaking wheel doesn't always get the grease..sometimes it gets replaced.
German Shepherd 85 lbs. neutered. Speaks Germam. FREE.
Heidi - the hills are alive with the sound of music, likes gherkins.
You've seen it all, done it all, and can't remember most of it.
WOMAN.ZIP: Great Shareware, but be careful of viruses...
Everybody has a photographic memory. . . . Some don't have film.
This confirmed what I suspected all along: despite being over 50, I still have a very with it attitude.
Now that I have a grip on reality I can strangle it.
I'm really enjoying not talking to you, so let's not talk again real soon, okay?
If only there was some indication that the universe was doing it on purpose.
Small problems seem insurmountable to small minds.
Low Bidder -- A contractor who is wondering what he or she left out.
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
The trouble with a three-day weekend is that it turns Tuesday into Monday.
Is a light year one in which you gain 50% less fat?
Dinner and a movie is the whole date instead of the beginning of one.
Why doesn't "onomatopoeia" sound like what it is?
The laughter that keeps on laughing - humorous humor!
Never tell the Captain or Deputy Captain you have nothing to do.
Kleenex company is making a fortune off our dead babies.
So far today I have finished a cheese pizza and 2 bags of chips.
Question #4: What do bullet-proof vests, fire escapes,windshield wipers, and laser printers all have incommon?
If something is broken, walk away with an innocent look on your face.
Increase blind people's electricity bills by switching all their lights on when their guide dog isn't looking.
I am Cuisinus of SmorgasBorg. We shall serve...you...
LAW 2: All vows taken on a golf course shall be valid only until the sunset.
The penalty for bigamy is having two mothers-in-law.
I'll play with it first and tell you what it is later.
Why are there flotation devices under airplane seats instead of parachutes?
God loves black and white, but he prefers cutty shark.
Cause of crash: Inadvertent contact with the ground.
My wife says if I go fishing one more time, she's going to leave me.
If you disassemble a machine and then reassemble it, there will always be at least one part left over.
Do I mind if you smoke? No. Do you mind if I FART?
He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
If it was easy, the hardware people would take care of it.
It is not the employer who pays wages- he only handles the money...It is the product that pays wages.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
If you knew what you're talking about you'd be dangerous.
This car stops at ALL Starbucks and Seattles Best!!!
Teacher: Go outside and look up and see if you can see the sky.
The woman could hardly believe it as the pastor told how he had just gotten the tablecloth.
A cigarette is a pinch of tobacco, wrapped in paper, fire at one end, fool at the other.
It's gonna be like threading a needle with a haystack.
Apathetics of the world, unite, if you can be bothered.
The more you run over a cat, the flatter it gets.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why chance it?
Rotarians, be patriotic! Learn to shoot yourself.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Columbus had a fourth ship - it sailed over the edge.
I live with fear every day. But sometimes she lets me go hunting.
The longer you keep your temper the better it will get.
Why do they put Braille in the drive-through bank machines?
When you are not looking at it, this sentence is in Spanish.
We had no trouble finding the park entrances, but where are the exits?
The most solid stone is the lowest one in the foundation.
My goal in life is to be the kind of person my dog thinks I am.
Woman who not practise sex before marriage is sentenced to an indeterminate length.
Angels can fly because they take themselves so lightly.
Second star to the right  straight on till morning...
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows. Your neighbors help you take care of them, and you all share the milk.
A fool and his money can throw one hell of a party.
So, the midget shows up, and the guy asks him if he's looking for a male or female horse.
Windows - A solitaire game that requires 16 MB of RAM and a HD.
It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
Click here to return to The Liberator's Blasphemous Humor: liberator.net.
How do you know when it is time to tune your bagpipes?
She answers: "Do you really think I'm going to fire up this big-ass grill for one little weenie?".
I'd like to thank you for your effort, unfortunately you didn't make one.
On a bumper sticker: Honk if you want to see my finger.
Far-away talent always seems better than home-developed talent.
If a program actually fits in memory and has enough disk space, it is guaranteed to crash.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
The mouse with a single hole is quickly caught by the cat.
Circle: A line that meets its other end without ending.
A couple of weeks later, I came home from work to find my wife quite upset.
The rich are nothing but poor people with Yachts.
Honey, did you mail that donation to Greenpeace?
An autobiography is the story of how a man thinks he lived.
The only time a woman wants to be a year older is when she is expecting a baby.
If it doesn't sell in the first hour, it isn't going to sell.
Holly - prickly to the touch, seasonal shagmeister.
Since life goes on you might as well get on with it.
If you have trouble getting your children's attention, just sit down and look comfortable.
The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log out.
If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down?
Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of yarn? She had mittens!
I used to have a handle on life, and then it broke.
What's the definition of an over-achiever? Someone who comes first AND third in a jerking-off contest.
These are questions that people actually asked of Park Rangers around the country.
Maybe I'll become an evil genius and destroy the world and THEN I'll feel better.
My brain operation was considered minor surgery.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
JokingAround.com! The Funnest Place in Cyber Space!
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Somedays you're the bug, and some days the windshield.
Death is God's way of telling you that you're fired.
Computer: a million morons working at the speed of light.
When they come back, call them from your desk and watch them struggle to answer.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Some grow with responsibility, others just swell.
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to kill.
Buying or selling a house could cost you dear. See a solicitor , just to be sure.
Originality is the art of concealing your sources.
It Could Be that the Purpose of Your Life Is Only to Serve as a Warning to Others.
I kept Billie home because she had to go Christmas shopping because I don't know what size she wears.
When a person wants to believe something, it doesn't take much to convince them.
Why do we call this planet earth when 90 % is water?
All right, I'll have the dead unjuggled rabbit fish.
When marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have in-laws.
Surburbia: where they tear out the trees and name streets after them.
There's more planes in the ocean than ships in the sky!
Cats must attack their human's shoelaces when they are tying them.
An angry person is seldom reasonable; a reasonable person is seldom angry.
Failure is not an option - it comes bundled with the software.
There are no limitation to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Man wanted to work in dynamite factory. Must be willing to travel.
Got any more boxes of Cracker Jack so I can get a license too?
Clairvoyants meeting canceled due to unforeseen circumstances.
There are no personal problems which cannot be solved through suitable application of high explosives.
If you try and don't succeed, cheat. Repeat until caught. Then lie.
No individual raindrop ever considers itself responsible for the flood.
I earn a seven-figure salary. Unfortunately, there's a decimal point involved.
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
It's bin day and the dustbin lorry stops outside a house.
Romantic Dinner? Avoid the Moon. Decent food, but no atmosphere.
I played a blank tape on full volume. The mime who lives next door complained.
Nothing is impossible for the person who doesn't have to do it himself.
We're off to see the Gizzard. The wonderful Gizzard of ID.
The problem is that there's too much blood in my caffeine system.
The closest library doesn't have the material you need.
A phenomenon induced in pyromaniacs by the camera crews of shows such as 'believe it or not'.
My worst day of vacation has always been better than my best day at work.
Etch-A-Sketch: Trying to draw a smile on a woman's face by twiddling both of her nipples simultaneously.
One time I went to a drive-in in a taxi cab. The movie cost me $95.
Don't upset me; I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
Why isn't phonetically spelled that way?
Thesaurus: ancient reptile with an excellent vocabulary.
Skill - Successfully walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls.
Wealthy people miss one of life's greatest thrills . . .Making the last car payment.
If it's worth doing, it's got to be done right now.
Why are there floatation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change. We instinctively avoid it.
Observation: It is a mistake to allow any mechanical object to realize that you are in a hurry.
How do you know if a musician has been to visit?
King, depending on whether Bill Gates testifies that day.
So his two best friends, Daryl and Gomer, were sent for.
An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
The 2nd blonde crouches down and examines the tracks. No, those are rabbit tracks, she says.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
All jobs are easy to the person who doesn't have to do them.
Your family is so poor, your TV only has two channels - on and off.
Limit Congressional Representatives to two terms, one in Congress and one in jail.
Due to monetary constraints, the light at the end of the tunnel is being shut off.
If a tree falls and hits a mime, does he make a sound?
Heather - shags like a freight train, a screamer.
No horse goes as fast as the money you bet on him.
I flew on an airplane, the food was fit for a king. Here, King!
There's too much violence, nowadays. A number of years ago I read this sad headline: Congress Kills GI Bill.
I am searching for myself. Have you seen me anywhere?
How to deal with different treatment needs and requirements.
It's called "golf" because all the other 4-letter words were taken.
Forget the health food; I need all the preservatives I can get.
Man is not a pet. Man is one of Nature's mistakes.
Patience,being able to wait for the first coat of paint to dry before adding the second.
Failure is never fatal and success is never final.
David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him.
If at first you don't succeed, buy her another beer!
If Liv Ullman married Judge Lance Ito, then divorced him and married Jerry Mathers, shed be Liv Ito Beaver.
Mencken's Law: There is always an easy answer to every human problem - neat, plausible, and wrong.
Never grumble. It makes you about as welcome as a sidewinder in a cow camp.
If you get a promotion ahead of her, that is favoritism.
Be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid.
Se i PC avessero SCALA, l'Amiga avrebbe l'ascensore !
Hummels. Largest selection ever. If it's in stock, we have it!
It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
Before we got married I caught her in my arms. Now I catch her in my pockets.
I'm not addicted to coffee, I just have an acute caffeine dependency.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road? Because he was too chicken.
I was so poor growing up...If I wasn't born a boy...
You have once deemed Space Invaders as 'The best game ever'.
Ability is a good thing but stability is even better.
Computer Lie # 1: You'll never use all that disk space.
Come and start my car , I'll go and honk your horn !!!
Doc! all I ever think of is sex. Watch Limbaugh for awhile.
Lily: Boss, mere ko twins hoey hain.. dono ladki ke liye koi naam suggest kijiye.
This statement is in no way to be construed as a disclaimer.
A person needs only two tools: WD-40 and duct tape.
Why is the word " abbreviated" such a long word?
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Wife who puts husband in doghouse soon find him in cathouse.
If your parents didn't have any children, the odds are that you won't have any.
Everbody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Two five year old boys are standing at the potty to pee.
The Weakest Link: William Shakespeare wrote seven plays about Kings of England who all shared the same name. What name ?
I love deadlines. I especially like the Whooshing sound as they go flying by.
It is not necessary to say hello or goodbye when beginning or ending phone conversations.
Did you hear about the woman who finally figured men?
There is absolutely no substitute for a genuine lack of preparation.
Warning: Due to the robot shortage, some of our employees are human and will react unpredictably when insulted.
Sometimes, he's not thinking about you. Live with it.
A man on one side of a river sees a blonde on the other side of the river.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Why is it that all of the instruments seeking intelligent life in the universe are pointed away from Earth?
Katz's Law: Men and women will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted.
No man's opinion is entirely worthless. Even a watch that is stopped is right twice a day.
All the world's a stage...most of us are just stagehands.
He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition.
What's that steering wheel doing sticking out of your flies?
People will die this year that never died before.
Ulcers are something you get from mountain climbing over molehills.
Cats also know that energy can only be stored by a lot of napping.
The best way to get back on your feet: miss a car payment.
It doesn't matter what temperature a room is, it's always room temperature.
To accomplish something, the first person you have to defeat is yourself.
Isn't it a bit unerving that doctors call what they do practice?
Ted Kennedy's car has killed more people than my gun.
A permanent set of teeth consists of eight canines, eight cuspids, two molars, and eight cuspidors.
I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question.
Standing here at the corner of WALK and DON'T WALK.
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
I just found out there are 250,000 battered women in the world.
If you are short of everything but the enemy, you are in the combat zone.
Top Ten Signs That You've Bought a Cheap Car......
Don't stuff your pockets with big magnets and then play roulette.
If your advance is going well, you are walking into an ambush.
I'm not insane, I'm affected by a high degree of intellectual independence.
How come toy hippos are always blue, or purple, when real hippos are brown?
Type for a while, then suddenly start cursing at everything bad about your life, then stop and continue typing.
Don't ask what your customers can do for you, ask how much you can take them for.
Compatible: Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source.
Auntie Em...Hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog.
Strong willpower: Eating only one Lay's potato chip.
Your bivouac for the night is the spot where got tired of marching that day.
Two most common elements: hydrogen and stupidity.
Remember: in just two days, tomorrow will be yesterday.
A very expensive way to get your laundry done free.
Pi R squared. Nooo! Pie R round, cornbread R square!
How many Frost School of Wicca Witches does it take to change a lightbulb?
OK I don't know who said these but here goes anyway.
They were 10 when the Soviet Union broke apart and do not remember the Cold War.
Can you imagine a world without men ? No crime and lots of happy fat women.
If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
If Snoop Doggy Dogg married Winnie the Pooh, hed be Snoop Doggy Dogg Pooh.
I'm not a photographer. I just wear all this to lose weight.
I didn't fight my way to the head of the food chain to be a vegetarian!
Why do we first chop a tree down and then chop it up?
If homosexuality is disease, can I call in queer?
I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere!
Every time I think I've hit bottom, someone lends me a shovel.
Be nice to everyone on your way to the top because you pass them all on the way down.
Why do we drive on 'parkways' and park on 'driveways'?
Start a family only if your parents are able to baby sit.
My dick is 12 inches long but I don't tend to use it as a rule.
If you want to look slim, go out with fatter friends.
Ever wonder about those people who spend $2 for a little bottle of Evian water? Try spelling Evian backwards!
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
What's the difference between an elephant and an Italian grandmother?
A cat would be man's best friend, but never stoops to it.
Pelvis.........................Second cousin to Elvis.
A few days later a letter arrived from their mother.
Why don't mummies take vacations? Because they're afraid to relax and unwind.
An interesting compilation of stuff famous people said.
My mind not only wanders, it sometime leaves completely.
I've Been Flushed From The Bathroom Of Your Heart.
Remember: Always give your jokes a descriptive "Subject:" line. Don't use "joke" or "submission" or "joke submission," please.
Eggheads unite! You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
My answer is right it is your question that is wrong.
No matter how much data you add to your laptop, it will not get heavier.
Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.
It's easier to curse the candle than light the darkness.
It's time to pull over and change the air in your head!
I plugged my phone in where the blender used to be.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
TM  Copyright 1998-2004 Fukkad.com  Shurbhi Networks. All rights reserved.
Question #1: What occurs more often in December than in any othermonth?
The 1000 km journey always begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tyre.
If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once.
He has two brains, one is lost, the other is out looking for it.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.
Another song: I wish I were Oscar Meyer, you wiener.
For those that like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like...
If every fool wore a crown, we would all be kings.
You know that intestinal fortitude isn't a health-food supplement.
The light at the end of a tunnel may be an oncoming train.
Never make the same mistake twice...there are so many new ones to make!
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
The next morning the son got up with some duck tape.
Budget: an orderly system of living beyond your means.
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
The vast majority of our imports come from outside the country.
Error: keyboard locked - try anything you can think of.
If you stand close enough to him, you can hear the ocean.
If you get to thinking you're a person of some influence, try ordering somebody else's dog around.
They set a goal to have everything done in time to have their first service on Christmas Eve.
Many thanx to Carrie, whose store holds many of my favorite bumperstickers.
People complained because they couldn't see the lake.
I noticed a cop with a radar gun sitting on top of a bridge.
A confident manner is important: Computers can sense this!
If the slightest probability for an unpleasant event to happen exists, the event will take place, preferably during a demonstration.
Mom: So.... now that you've started dating, what's it like getting intimate with young men?
He lives long that lives until all are weary of him.
He would have enough trouble finding three wise men, let alone a virgin!
The Boy Scouts is like the Army with adult supervision.
You are what you are because that is what you want to be.
Male...... Source of entertainment, self-statement, and male bonding.
This acid must be good. It feels like I'm driving!
By the time a man reads women like a book he's too old to collect a library.
She had a face lift, tummy lift, and buttock lift, and now she's two feet off the ground.
If you don't know where to go, don't take the ball and run with it.
This is what she put on his tombstone: The Light of My Life Has Gone Out.
To find the person you can truly trust, look no further than the nearest mirror.
Why do you press harder on a remote control when you know the battery is dead?
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary.
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.
His money is twice tainted. Tain't yours and tain't mine.
Cats throw up twice their body weight when dizzy.
Write it in your heart. Stand by the code, and it will stand by you.
Free speech carries with it some freedom to listen.
Never make anything simple and efficient when it can be complex and wonderful.
Inclement weather always begins AFTER you've already done PT.
What are you doing?!? The message is over, GO AWAY!
Everyone is gifted. Some open the package sooner.
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
A bird in the hand makes blowing the nose difficult.
If they don't have chocolate in heaven, I ain't going.
My honor student is also a black belt, so bring on your bully!
Drunk is feeling sophisticated when you can't say it.
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down.
I went to a museum where all the paintings were done by children. All the paintings were up on refrigerators.
You know the speed of light, so what's the speed of dark?
Do you know someone who might appreciate the joke above?
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Two potatoes are standing on the curb...... how do you know which one is the hooker?
All content is believed to be in the Public Domain.
The parachute company says you'll get a full refund.
One way to have a clean mind is to change it frequently.
If tin whistles are made out of tin, what do they make fog horns out of?
When an affliction happens to you, you either let it defeat you, or you defeat it...
We may be alone. We may not be alone. Either way, the thought is staggering.
Manly's Maxim: Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
You are not Superman; Marines and fighter pilots take note.
Every Time I Hear The Dirty Word "Exercise" I Wash My Mouth Out With Chocolate.
The picture of health requires a happy frame of mind.
The sensei will only use you during demonstrations for joint-locking and sweeping techniques.
Middle age is when you burn the midnight oil around 9:00 pm.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he/she had no guts!
If Yoko Ono had married Sonny Bono, she would have been Yoko Ono Bono.
What's the difference between a woman in the army and a bowling ball?
I hate to repeat gossip, so I'll only say this once.
If at first you don't succeed ... change the rules.
The salespeople at the local computer store can't answer any of your questions.
Man I come from a small town-- we closed the zoo when the chicken died....
To remove dust from the eye, pull the eye down over the nose.
If you are in a vehicle going at the speed of light and turn on your headlights, what happens?
Bachelor: One who's footloose and fianc free.
Take care of your animals as if they were the last ones on earth.
The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
Marriage: It is an agreement in which a man loses his bachelors degree and woman gains her master's.
They have no meaningful recollection of the Reagan Era and probably did not know he had ever been shot.
You should not confuse your career with your life.
Best file compression around: DEL *.* - 100% compression.
For people who like piece and quiet . . . a phoneless cord!
I have been poor and I have been rich. Rich is better.
Sociology: Estimate the sociological problems which might accompany the end of the world. Construct an experiment to test your theory.
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, because, man, they're gone.
The four food groups: Fast, Frozen, Instant and Chocolate.
Many are called but few are chosen. Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Then he realizes that the music is the Ninth Symphony and it is being played backward!
Why do you always find something in the last place you look?
Sex is like air. It's only a big deal if you're not getting any.
This is just a hobby. Perfection is not required. Fun is.
How do you know when your house has been burgled by a Kiwi?
They are all listening to the Second Symphony being played backward.
The man thinks, What does a priest know about sex? So, he decides to ask a minister.
Keep stress out of your life. Give it to others instead.
That which causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world.
For once I'm at a loss for words. Mark down the date!
DEFINITION: Flow Chart - A graphic representation of the fastest route to the restroom.
You'll need to find alternative forms of payment.
Should you trust a stockbroker who's married to a travel agent?
If you smoke after having sex, you're doing it too fast.
Don't worry about the sand in the Vaseline, they don't use it anyway.
And on the 8th day God said, OK Murphy, you take over.
If Dolly Parton had married Salvador Dali, she would have been Dolly Dali.
Allen's Law: Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.
The number of theories that can explain any given phenomenon is infinite.
If it's stupid, but it works, then it's not stupid.
If you want something done, ask someone who is busy!
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
Warning -- Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear.
I have seen the evidence. I want DIFFERENT evidence!
A closed mind is like a closed book; just a block of wood.
SWEETHEART: I`m tugging off your pants. I`m moaning. I want you so badly.
I don't know but it's coming from the next apartment.
I am Janet Reno of Borg. You will be incinerated.
Christopher Robin Hood steals from the rich and gives to the Pooh.
Witlag: The delay between delivery and comprehension of a joke.
If brains were dynamite you couldn't blow your nose!
For goodness sake, let's not confuse ourselves with the facts.
The amount of work done varies inversely with the amount of time spent in the office.
Please ensure you are physically restrained when visiting this site.
My friend Winnie is a procrastinator. He didn't get his birthmark until he was eight years old.
Though it may seem a bit mystical, transcendence is the right word. Lisa literally rose above her fear and pain.
Everyone has the right to be ugly, but some people abuse the privilege.
When everything is coming your way ...... you're in the wrong lane.
Little Johnny returns from school and says he got an F in arithmetic.
I have seen the truth and it makes no sense, what so ever.
Many kiss the hand they wish they could bite off.
Academic infighting is vicious because the stakes are so low.
No one plans to fail but people can fail to plan.
Spray drift is selectively attracted to soybean fields.
Egotist: someone who is usually me-deep in conversation.
Red Meat is not bad for you, fuzzy Green Meat is bad for you.
Ferns grow well when "watered" with weak tea or soap water.
You have Tupperware in your fridge with three bites of rice or one leftover chicken wing.
When professors want your opinion, they'll give it to you.
You're getting old when getting lucky means you find your car in the parking lot.
Sure, it's going to kill a lot of people, but they may be dying of something else anyway.
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as 4's?
I kinda like this music; my compliments to the clef.
Never argue with a fool - people might not know the difference.
In case of doubt, make it sound positive and convincing.
Where's the safest place to hide money in England?
People say I have a drinking problem. I drink, I get drunk I fall down. No problem!
You are brave, intelligent, brilliant, attractive...and gullible.
Sometimes the giant hamster of misfortune doesn't seem to want to run on anybody's wheel but yours.
Two hours later they were both killed by a train.
I'd love to stay and listen to you talk about yourself, but I gotta run.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves struggle in vain.
What does a man with a fifteen inch dick eat for breakfast?
We may be lost but at least we are making good time.
Everyone on these premises is a vegetarian except the dog.
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which one you need more.
At one point learned what happens when you swallow tobacco juice.
Anybody who told you to be yourself simply couldn't have given you worse advice...
We have strange and wonderful relationship. You're strange and I'm wonderful.
Per vedere il multitasking su un PC esegui 2 volte PC-Task su Amiga !
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries.
Eat shit! A million trillion flies can't be wrong.
I am Homer of Borg. Prepare to be... ooooohh, doughnuts!
On the seventh day, God tried to rest, but he had to scoop the litterbox.
Wanted: man to work in dynamite factory. Must be willing to travel.
She walks out of the hospital after the last operation and immediately gets hit by an ambulance.
I live in a quiet neighborhood - they use silencers.
OAuntie Em: Hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog. Dorothy.
Winny would spend all of his time practicing limbo. He got pretty good. He could go under a rug.
I finally made my stupid computer faster; I dropped it out of the window, and it went really fast.
Then, by mathematical induction: Penn Tennis Balls, you've seen one, you've seen them all.
The difference between a stepping stone and a stumbling block can be when you see it.
Nothing in the known universe (not even light) travels as fast as a bad check.
He could, if he used the debugger, but it's tedious to step through all those variables.
Not the brightest crayon in the box now, are we?
You know that steel-pot is not a type of bullet-proof psychotropic.
Absolutely nothing. It's a conditioned response like Pavlov's dog drooling.
Always remember you are unique, just like everybody else.
Regular meetings with your advisor are good. Good luck.
You will always overlook one of those pins in your new shirt.
And to all you unevolved life forms BANG the rocks together.
If I'm injured, I refuse to accept artificial respiration, I demand the real thing.
Daddy, why doen't this magnet pick up this floppy disk?
Olga - you can park a bike in her arsecrack, excessive facial hair.
Always remember, you can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.
Door: Something a cat wants to be on the other side of.
Antacid tablets become your sole source of nutrition.
Before you borrow money from a friend, decide which you need more.
You're all lucky I'm not a disgruntled postal worker.
On pantyhose: Not to be used in the commission of a felony.
The pelvic examination will be done later on the floor.
A tiny racing car was developed by American scientists.
Those of you who believe in telekinesis.... please raise my hand.
Of everything you could have said, that was one thing.
Bad: Your wife wants a divorce. Worse: She's a lawyer.
If there's an idea in your head, its in solitary confinement.
IN THE WINDOW OF A SWEDISH FURRIER: Fur coats made for ladies from their own skin.
Did you hear about the Irishman who fired an arrow into the air?
To cool a hot attitude, apply nice. To melt a cold attitude, address warmly.
Nickel: Once good for getting the wrong number with.
Things are getting so bad in our town that the police dept. has an unlisted telephone number.
One of the hardest secrets for a man to keep is his opinion of himself.
This is my impression of a bowling ball . . . (drags the mike along the floor, then lifts it) . . . gutter . . .
Never trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die!
The likelihood of a letter getting lost in the mail is directly proportional to its importance.
At my age, getting a little action means I don't need to take a laxative.
Finally 21, and Legally Able to Do Everything I've Been Doing Since 15.
The probability of a hardware failure disappearing is inversely proportional to the distance between the computer and the customer engineer.
This land is your land. This land is my land. So stay on your land.
Vending machines only contain edible material when you are not hungry.
How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings?
If you are going to walk on thin ice you might as well dance.
As soon as you delete a worthless file, you'll need it.
I'm not a complete idiot - I've got some parts missing.
Become involved in the continuing debate over whether a trained rat could succeed as a comp sci major.
Why do they sell cigarettes in gas stations where smoking is not permitted?
If you set the example, you won't need to set many rules.
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub tap on and off with your toes.
Your friend is dating someone half his/her age, and isn't breaking any laws.
Ninety nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Remarriage after divorce is the triumph of hope over experience.
There is one in every crowd and they always find me.
I keep telling myself that I am a pathological liar, but I am not sure if I believe it.
The headlights grow dim, and the battery needs constant recharging.
How many years does it take for a New Ager to change a lightbulb?
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without taking aim.
Everything I need to know I got from watching Gilligan's Island.
I will not steal my Mom's underwear and dance all over the back yard with it.
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?
There's never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
The best way to keep your word is not to give it.
Old people are a lot like old socks. The more they walk, the more they fall down.
The written word preserves the wonders of the human mind.
I want to start a car repair shop. I have already got the air for the tires.
Marriage is an institution in which a man loses his bachelor's degree and the woman gets her master's.
Again the old man stared at the ceiling motionless without saying a word.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Need some time to be alone, try washing the dishes!
Now for the really bad one. Frank Muir and Denis Norden produced this one.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
You are part of the Rebel Alliance...and a traitor!
Life's short and hard, kind of like a bodybuilding elf.
Teachers,Students,Education-2Pages!
Why do they sterilize the needles for a lethal injection?
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
Things are more like they are now than they ever have been before.
For as long as I can remember, I've had amnesia....
I feel more like I do now that I did a while ago.
Don't treat me any differently than you would the queen.
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
One says: I've got two hundred thousand Bees, in seven hives, how about you?
Jean-Luc Picard and Mister Clean: Separated at birth?
Nothing highlights a document as much as a failure in the spele checker.
Every commercial on television has a website address at the bottom of the screen.
Frog philosophy: Time's fun when you're having flies!
Mark Twain:  The news of it's crossing has been greatly exagerated.
Everyone has a photographic mind, some just don't have film.
Mac error message: Like, dude, something's wrong.
Money can't buy friends but it can buy a better class of enemy. - Spike Milligan.
Wouldn't it be great if there was an "edit undo" button in life?
PURE DEMOCRACY: You have two cows. Your neighbors decide who gets the milk.
Folks who think they know it all bug those of us who do.
Since there is no time like the present, he thought it was time to present the present.
Two most common elements in the universe: Hydrogen  Stupidity.
They were probably too long and badly structured and not at all very funny.
I love to give homemade gifts... umm, which one of the kids would you like?
The microwave turntable will always stop with the food at the back of the microwave.
You're walking into a company in perpetual chaos.
The first sign of a nervous breakdown is when you start thinking your work is terribly important.
How many Asatruars does it take to change a lightbulb?
What in the HELL are you smoking, and can I have some??
I had a dream that all the victims of The Pill came back...boy, were they mad!!
Dyslexics untie! Together we can trip up the world!
Disclaimer: Pre-coffee reply. Possible mental errors.
Yesterday my wife tripped on it and is now pregnant.
Remember, it's the thought that counts. Think money.
If you don't get uptight, nobody can ever use you.
I'm so ugly...My mother had morning sickness-after I was born.
I'm having such a bad week I've even forgotten how to ride a bicycle.
There is no job so simple that it cannot be done wrong.
Our bombs are smarter than the average high school student. At least they can find Kuwait.
Travel is very educational. I can now say Kaopectate in seven different languages.
I am Shakespeare of Borg. Prepare to be, or not to be.
This website may not be idiot proof, but at least it's dimwit resistant.
Classic oxymorons: Married Life, Military Intelligence, Postal Service, Rap Music, Country Music, Honorable Justice.
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
What's the point of backstabbing if you can't twist the knife?
Why must the phrase, "It is none of my business", always be followed by, but?
Copyright (c) 2003-2005 by GoldenBlue, LLC., All rights reserved.
A good name is more desirable than great riches...
Why aren't there any screws in a lesbians house?
No one has more driving ambition than the boy who wants to buy a car.
You will always forget to disable call waiting when connected to a pay-by-the-minute BBS.
The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
Inland Revenue: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan since nothing sticks to Teflon?
Annapolis--A drinking town with a sailing problem.
After getting laid, they take a long time to get hard.
Square root,cube root,log of pi;let's go get'em RPI!
Fill'em up with ZIP standard sir? No, ARJ premium please!
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
Don't stack your slots coin tubs on top of the machine just to show off.
My knight in shining armor is lost in the woods and he's too stubborn to ask for directions.
Why is that a wise man and a wise guy are opposites?
Hey, 5 beers has just as many calories as a burger, screw dinner!
Gene Rodenberry, 1921-1991 - Shakka, when the walls fell.
Hell really would freeze over if someone decided to conduct an exercise there.
Add Quotes of the Day to your Website. It's Easy - it's Fast - and it's Free.
With free advice, you usually get what you paid for.
Fishing is a delusion surrounded by liars in old clothes.
Some mathematicians become so tense these days that they do not go to sleep during seminars.
Don't blame me. I'm only doing what my Rice Crispies told me to do.
The time to make up your mind about people is...never.
Law of Supply: It's yours if you don't need it or want it.
You know I could rent you out as a decoy for duck hunters?
Whoever dies with the most toys... is still dead!
Suppressive fire works on everything but the enemy.
Only time the world beats a path to your door is when you're in the bathroom.
Flash!!! Energizer Bunny arrested.......charged with Battery!
When it comes to giving some people stop at nothing.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and driving against traffic.
If you take an Oriental person and spin him around several times, does he become disoriented?
If you don't pay your exorcist, you get repossessed.
Why do the hours at work drag on endlessly when the years seem to fly past?
Men are like Oreos, all the good ones are taken and the rest are cracked and broken.
Noah saved all the animals from the flood by arcing them.
Then the second smart guy went out and came back with a huge black bear.
Sweetheart: I'm tuggin' off your pants. I'm moaning. I want you so badly.
Princess, having had sufficient experience with princes, seeks frog.
The barman is amazed, excuse me, but are you a piece of string?
Hi! Its so nice to see you since my wonderful dream last night!
When someone says, do you want my opinion? - it's always a negative one.
But when given very little they surpass every hardship.
Your body is made of 70% water. If you drink water, then, does that make you a cannibal?
Please excuse Jimmy from his doctor's appointment, as he is sick today.
This is not Burger King. You will not get it your way.
I have PMS and a gun. Did you have something to say?
Congress; Contradictory Oppressive Nimrods Greatly Risk Every Social Standpoint.
Get Your Tongue Outta My Mouth 'Cause I'm Kissing You Goodbye.
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
You wonder if a salad shooter is really a gambling device.
The determined programmer can write a FORTRAN program in any language.
A man who thinks he is smarter than his wife, has a very smart wife!
Dan Quayle's library burned...both books destroyed.
It's frustrating when you know all the answers, but nobody bothers to ask you the questions.
If you had amnesia and then were cured, would you remember that you forgot?
If you go to heaven and God sneezes, what do you say?
If the #2 pencil is so popular, why is it still #2?
DETOUR SIGN IN KYUSHI, JAPAN: Stop:drive sideways.
The documented interfaces between standard software modules will have undocumented quirks.
The hardest thing about time travel is the grammar.
Dont take life too seriously- you are not getting out alive.
God is dead! - I'm sorry, officer, I didn't see him.
Did you know that they have discovered the gene which decides whether or not people believe in genetic determinism?
Any reform must be accounted a success which does not have an effect exactly the opposite of that intended.
Plain dealing is more often praised than practiced.
Special thanks to Jason for allowing me to feature his cartoons on this site.
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
Death, taxes and depression: three things you can always depend on.
One good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
Why do people without out a watch look at their wrist when you ask them what time it is?
How can there be incompetence in the world? They don't teach it in schools.
What do you call it when a ghost makes a mistake? A booooo-boooooooo!
Johnson-Laird's Law: Toothache tends to start on Saturday night.
Male......Anything that can be done while drinking, and ends with sex.
No matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney.
The more stupid the leader is, the more important missions he is ordered to carry out.
I never give people hell. I just tell them the truth and they think it's hell.
The truth is out there. So what are you doing here?!
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually equal.
She has had no rigors or shaking chills, but her husband states she was very hot in bed last night.
We have gone through every line of code in every program in every system.
I saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah, I thought "he's trying to pull a fast one".
Expensive hair gels are a con. Marmalade is a much cheaper alternative, but beware of bees in the summer.
Worry is interest paid in advance for a debt you many never owe.
People who go to a psychologist needs to have their heads examined.
Junk - Something you need the day after you throw it away.
A lost property office is for people to return things they find and don't want.
You see my next door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a catholic converter.
Do you recall the time that you examined the body?
Some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live.
My cat is not hydrophobic, she has an inability to appreciate moisture.
When is summer in Canada? Last year it was a Tuesday in July.
We waste more time by 8:00 in the morning than other companies do all day.
A whore sleeps with everyone at the party and A bitch sleeps with everyone at the party except you.
If you did what you always did, you'll get what you always got.
We will cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
If you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
If your hired man spreads fertilizer on the wrong field, he will put it on one that already tests Excessive.
What has Niki Lauder and Hot Lips Houlihan got in common?
How do u keep an idiot amused? Watch this message until it goes away!
Personally, I find witnessing much more enjoyable than golf.
Some time each night, and some time every weekend.
Do pediatricians play miniature golf on Wednesdays?
You have mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Does "virgin wool" come from sheep the shepherd hasn't caught?
A child's mind is a terrible thing, ... not to fuck with!
RISK: Public humiliation and the death of thousands of innocent people.
Class schedules are designed so that every student will waste maximum time between classes.
We should forgive our enemies, but only after they've been taken out and shot.
Things which must be shipped together as a set, aren't.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I drive by again?
If you are willing to admit you are wrong when you are wrong, you are all right.
Most of us will do anything to become good except change our way of living.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
All awards are mailed by the first week of the following month.
You chatter more than a dolphin by a fish bucket.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I am not mad.
What is it when a man talks nasty to a woman? - Sexual harassment.
Avoid jet lag by simply taking an earlier flight, thus arriving fully refreshed and on time.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals then why are they made of meat?
If you have a collection of one-liners in your language (other than english), please mail them.
If ignorance is bliss, I'm the happiest person you'll ever meet.
Instruction, like water, takes the shape of the vessel into which it is poured.
I visited Chickenhead.com and saw the funniest banners.
A cat will always land in the softest place possible.
The things that come to those who wait are what's left behind by those whogot there first.
Good: You get a three-day weekend. Bad: You get the flu on Friday.
C.) Anything having to do with the Arts  Crafts period.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
It's possible to live our whole lives without ever taking a group shower.
She gave me the silent treatment until I figured out why she was so angry.
Nothing.It just scares the shit out of their seeing eye dog.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.
I'm so ugly...My father carries around the picture of the kid who came with his wallet.
FEMINISM: You have two cows. They get married and adopt a veal calf.
WinErr: 72b Memory error. - What ? Tell me again.
Alcohol Calculus don't mix. Don't drink derive.
Ajit: Ek Mona, doosra Sona, aur tisra, Mona ke saath sona!
How do you get the deer to cross at the deer crossing signs?
The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.
Tara - upper class slapper, needs extra chemicals.
The young man looked up indifferently. "Two hundred and fiftydollars," he said.
When out in public, you feel the urge to talk to strange children and correct their behavior.
Forget about World Peace.......Visualise using your turn signal!
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Cocaine: God's way of telling you that you make too much money.
There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?
Is Australia really down under, or are we upside down?
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
It's a pity she won't live forever, but then again, who does.
The first airplane hangar was built for drip-dry planes.
This isn't hell. This is where you get sent when you've been bad in hell.
Death opens unknown doors. It is most grand to die.
The early bird may get the worm, but who wants worms anyway!
LAW 7: No matter how bad your last shot was, the worst is yet to come.
Maintenance-free means when it breaks, it can't be fixed.
COUNTER CULTURE: Wow, dude, there's like... these two cows, man. You got to have some of this milk.
So, send me all your money..........And I will suffer for you.
A religious war is like children fighting over who has the strongest imaginary friend.
Early to bed and early to rise means it's time to meet more guys.
Click here to put Purrfect Pet Pals banner on your website.
Jasmin - smells of sewers, eats the heads off rats.
Dumb luck beats sound planning every time. Trust me.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be a NO EXIT sign.
In democracy your vote counts. In feudalism your count votes.
Abstinence is a good thing, but it should always be practiced in moderation.
My kid was Prisoner of the Month at Orange County Jail.
In democracy it's your vote that counts. In feudalism, it's your count that votes.
Which, according to kids, are appropriate for just about any occasion, including church and funerals.
The world has a shortage of clean water and an abundance of idiots.
If God though that nudity was OK, we would have been born naked.
I must shake the rainwater out of my fur BEFORE entering the house.
When success goes to someone's head, it generally finds nothing there.
You have the right tho remain silent. Anything you say can and will be misquoted and used against you.
The first place to look for anything is the last place you would expect to find it.
Money can't buy happiness but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
Dragonslayer needed. Immediate position available.
Two or three years later, they ran into one another on the street.
The engineer bent over, picked up the frog and put it in his pocket.
Sarcasm works better when it's spelled correctly.
Next, I found being an electrician interesting, but the work was shocking.
If you see light at the end of the tunnel its usually an on coming car!
We are experiencing problems with LOGIN. We should have a fix soon. Thank you for your patience and understanding.
So simple a child could do it? Go find me a child!
Oh, I'm sorry, were the voices in my head bothering you?
When she rolls you over and fucks you up the bum with her clitoris.
When they return with the expert, the Fifth Symphony is playing, again backward.
He who fights and runs away will live to fight another day.
Use Interactive Send to make passes at people you don't know.
The world's full of cactus, but you don't have to sit on it.
Coming home I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't have.
If you can't run with the big dogs, stay on the porch.
FEUDALISM: You have two cows. Your lord takes some of the milk.
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs painting.
Electricity was invented by rubbing cats backwards!
Merkin's Maxim: When in doubt, predict that the present trend will continue.
Whatever is in short supply will be in great demand. Corollaries: 1.
I calmly replied, I am, and that's why she's cutting the grass!
You have the capacity to learn a lot from your mistakes. You will learn a lot today.
The average man's judgement is so poor, he runs a risk every time he uses it.
The magic of Windows - turn a 486-50 into a 4MHz XT...
A man finds his wife in bed with another man. What are you doing? he yells.
Julian Dicks is everywhere. It's like they've got eleven Dicks on the field.
Fear all mighty powers of Flab Foo...For my name is...Quait Fautt!
Heard on A. Centauri, 2361: So you're from Earth! Do you know ----?
I had always "approved" of humor, but only in its place and time, after all responsibilities had been met.
This isn't an office -- It's HELL with fluorescent lighting!
What do you get when you cross a bunny with a leek?
I mean, where are you going to find three wise men?
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
If J. Paul Getty opened a health resort, would it be a Spa-Getty?
Mom, "We were watching the moon landing while she was conceived.
The best substitute for experience is being sixteen.
Why shouldn't women have to put the toilet seat back up?
Legos will pass through the digestive tract of a four year old.
US Government philosophy: If it ain't broke, fix it 'til it is.
Taxation WITH representation ain't so fucking hot, either!
If you are dyslexic and cross-eyed, can you read okay?
Don't wrestle a pig in a mud hole. You both get all dirty, and the pig enjoys it.
Thou shalt not jump onto thy sleeping humans bladder at a.m.
OPERA: When a guy gets stabbed in the back and instead of bleeding he sings.
Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
A morning without coffee is like something without something else.
If we weren't meant to keep starting over, would God have granted us monday?
Behold beta beauty in a keyboard's keen kindness.
People didn't hit you over the head with farmhouses back home.
Don't question authority..... It hasn't got a clue!!!!!
The simple explanation always follows the complex solution.
Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted line. He caught every other fish.
You have to be really secure to be seen in this car.
Why do hot dogs come 10 to a package and hot dog buns only 8?
Old McDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Jews - Three. One to call the cleaning woman and two to feel guilty about calling the cleaning woman.
I was so enthralled, I never noticed your sermon went 25 minutes over time.
Anything which does not kill me had better do enough damage to keep me from firing back!
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up.
So I rang up British Telecom, I said "I want to report a nuisance caller", he said "Not you again".
Nothing ventured... nothing gained... nothing taxed!!!
Will you come quietly, or shall I use ear plugs?
If you live in a glass house, you should change clothes in basement.
That's pretty fucking cruel isn't it? Do you go up to cripples and dance too?
Philosophy: Sketch the development of human thought. Estimate its significance. Compare with the development of any other kind of thought.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress...but I repeat myself.
A great many open minds should be closed for repairs.
There can never be a computer language in which you cannot write a bad program.
I'm only paranoid because everyone's against me.
An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth.
Due to circumstances beyond our control, we regret to inform you that circumstances are beyond our control.
Cats aren't clean, they're just covered with cat spit!
I'm not rude, I'm attitudinally challenged.
At an 'all-you-can-eat' restaurant, is there a penalty for eating less than you can?
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
Jay Leno has always been host of the Tonight Show.
My cat does not scratch, he is a furniture/rug/skin ventilator.
I like kids, but I don't think I could eat a whole one.
It's only eighteen inches between a pat on the back and a kick in the pants.
I often daydream about my inability to fantasize.
She's so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind.
Please, GOD, please save me from some of your followers.
Whenever possible, please say whatever you have to say during commercials.
All foods assume a uniform taste, texture, and color when freeze-dried.
Save money on expensive personalised car number plates by simply changing your name to match your existing plate.
I know my efforts deserve my goals, but are my goals worth my efforts?
The trouble with being the best man at a wedding is that you never get to prove it.
Always yield to temptation, because it may not pass your way again.
First man: that is correct, we had fights almost everyday in the first days of our marriage.
The love-making was fast and furious. He was fast and she was furious!
You thought "We Gotta Get Outta This Place" was the new national anthem.
I'm not yelling! = Of course I'm yelling, this is important!
What do you call a man with no arms or legs in a swimming pool?
I'm not a vegetarian because I love animals, I'm a vegetarian because I hate plants.
You gotta know when to code 'em, know when to modem.
If enough data are collected, anything may be proven by statistical methods.
Dead? What a shame... and on such a beautiful day!
I'm wondering if you have any horns with goofy songs?
All inanimate objects can move just enough to get in your way.
Experiencing 20 power blackouts in a single day doesn't faze you.
A wicker container with a lid, usually surrounded By, but not containing, dirty clothing.
What was the first thing your husband said to you when he woke that morning?
After the third hunter left, the two decided to try it.
Click the "BACK" button on your browser to go back to the category you came from.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Forget yourself for others and others will not forget you.
If *you* owe the bank $1,000,000, then *it* has a problem!
Cookie pieces contain no calories because the process of breakage causes calorie leakage.
A friend with weed is a friend indeed; A friend in need is a bloody pain.
Friend Finder and ALT.com are registered trademarks of Friendfinder, Inc.
Never invoke the gods unless you really want them to appear. It annoys them very much.
The smallest handcuff in the world is a wedding ring.
Two wrongs do not make a right: it usually takes three or more.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
People are more opposed to fur than leather because rich ladies are easier to harass than bikers.
Intelligence is like underwear, everyone has it but you don't have to show it off.
She took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
The gates are down, the lights are flashing, but the train isn't coming.
Why is there a road sign that says Braille Institute, Next Exit?
The United States of America appreciates your efforts to root out terrorists and applauds your participation. God bless America!!
Kids need love the most when they're acting most unlovable.
Bad: Your wife's arrested for soliciting. Worse: She implicates you.
A cat is an animal who never cries over spilled milk.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Time is a great healer, but it's also a lousy beautician.
Know a good joke? Have a funny picture? Give it up! Click here to submit your jokes for our collection.
A lie is a coward's way of getting out of trouble.
Your advisor will spur you to action with chants of "Carpe diem".
When you type, you put a space between the last word in a sentence and the terminating punctuation mark !
The rosier the news, the higher the rank of the official who announces it.
Stewart's law of retroaction: It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
Cute Funny Quotes ! - THOUGHTS ON KIDS BY SOME MOMS!!!
Some days youre the dog, some days the hydrant.
The sum of the intelligence on the planet is constant, but the population is increasing.
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night?
If a train station is where a train stops, what is a workstation?
The Rabbi said, sadly. My wife also is from Minsk.
Tractor pulls: for people who can't understand wrestling.
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly!
Hate is like swallowing poison and waiting for the other person to die.
Bad or missing mouse driver. Spank the cat [Y/N]?
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.
It's smart to pick your friends, but not to pieces.
The short fortuneteller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large.
You really get excited about a 1.7 percent pay raise.
Don't try to psyche out the blackjack dealer by staring at him for 5 minutes.
I always win. Except when I lose, but then I just don't count it.
Field experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
People ask which side you were on in the Civil War?
By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini.
I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in front of it in only eight minutes...
There's too much youth  How about a Fountain of Smart?
Smith  Wessin: The original pont and click interface.
You're not yourself today. I thought I noticed an improvement!
Kenneth - very, very...anything you want him to be.
A girl asked me out last week. I was in her house at the time.
SWEETHEART: That`s OK, it wasn`t really too expensive.
Help I've fallen and I can't...hey, nice carpet...
Let's make the draft retroactive  send Clinton to Viet Nam!
What's the similarity between a short sighted gynaecologist and a dog?
No man really becomes a fool until he stops asking questions.
YOU'RE ONLY YOUNG ONCE - that's all society can stand.
Buzzard Theory: Patience nothing, let's go kill something!
Just because a person grows older, it doesn't mean he necessarily grows up.
A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark.
Why was the man arrested for waiting in the Big Top? He was loitering within tent.
Did the chicken really cross the road or did the road move beneath the chicken?
Floppy: The state of your wallet after purchasing a computer.
You will never find anybody who can give you a clear and compelling reason we observe Daylight Saving Time.
Madness takes it's toll. Please have exact change.
The magician was furious but couldn't do anything. It was, after all, the captain's parrot.
Have you ever lent someone 20 and never seen that person again? It was probably worth it.
How can you look up words in a dictionary if you can't spell them?
Puzzled, he leaves the graveyard and persuades a friend to return with him.
Elevators rose, while escalators continued their slow decline.
Just because your head is pointed, doesn't mean you're sharp.
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
Why is a pear called a pear when there is only one?
What do you have when you're holding two little green balls in your hand?
Welcome To Astrology Online's Humorous T Shirt Secton!
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
If you lend somebody 20 quid and never see them again, it was probably worth it.
I had a heart attack and died". St Peter said, "That's pretty good".
It is not the moutain ahead that's wearing me out, it's the grain of sand in my shoe.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
Wellhung: I'm having a coughing fit. I'm turning all red.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth 2, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
My mother was always pulling my leg, that's why one is six inches longer than the other.
HONEY! Put that shotgun DOWN! I'm quitting NOW!!
To understand recursion, you must first understand recursion.
Follow your dreams! ....except that one where you're at school in your underwear...
Avoid cliches like the plague ... they're a dime a dozen.
I will become a member of the ancient and venerable Procrastinators if they ever get around to getting it organized.
Don't count your upgrades before they're patched!
One who yells "fore!", takes five and writes down three.
You know how most packages say "Open Here"? What is the protocol if it says "Open somewhere else"?
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy? Who knows? Who cares?
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Engineer's Estimate -- The cost of construction in Heaven.
Shin - a device for finding furniture in the dark.
DEFINITION: Fixed Word Length - Four-letter words used by programmers in a state of confusion.
She's always late. Her ancestors arrived on the June flower.
The world is full of surprises, very few of which are pleasant.
Some thoughts are best guillotined before actions.
POLICE STATION TOILET STOLEN .... Cops have nothing to go on.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.
Back OFF - I Have PMS and a Handgun in the Glovebox.
Remember ... there's more to life then Science Fiction, but not much.
Jesus did not come to make God's love possible, but to make God's love visible.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop laughing.
Life is tough. it's even tougher if you're stupid.
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
Man is incomplete until he is married. Then he is finished.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
He who lives in a glass house shouldn't invite he who is without sin over for dinner.
Experience: a name everyone gives to his mistakes.
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
The length of time it take to open any vehicle varies directly with the intensity of the rain.
What's the most common cause of hearing loss amongst men?
A blind man was describing his favorite sport, parachuting.
Here I lie And no wonder I'm dead, For the wheel of a semi Went over my head.
Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. A strong currant pulled him in.
Can you remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty?
If at first you don't succeed, you'll get lots of advice.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
You think people should be required to get a government permit before being allowed to reproduce.
I'm protesting against the violence in the game of hang-man.
If you associate with the wise, you will become wise.
Dont laugh ! I just bought this car for my wife. Best deal I ever made!
Armaments, Chapter Two, Verses Nine to Twenty-One.
Women's restroom, Dick's Last Resort, Dallas, Texas.
If cops hang out at donut shops, why don't bakers hang out at police stations?
It has been determined that research causes cancer in rats.
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to give bad examples.
Disneyland: A people trap operated by a giant mouse.
I couldn't find the remote control to the remote control.
On a can of Fix-a-Flat: Not to be used for breast augmentation.
The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public.
What kind of dance does a thunderstorm do? The rumba!
View death as an economic convenience and not as a biological necessity.
A)bort, R)etry, or T)ell your boss it was a virus?
That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.
When you're in up to your nose, keep your mouth shut.
I'm sure you know many more one-liners matching these pages, so please send them to me.
The only person who ever gets to use coupons is the person in front of you in line.
SWEETHEART: No, never mind. Forget it. I`m putting on my underwear. Now I`m putting on my wet nasty tattered blouse.
Stepping on people's toes messes up their shine.
Don't hit me, Mr. Moderator... I'll go back on topic... I swear!
They'll take my sword away when they pry my cold, dead fingers off the hilt.
He who sees only half the problem will be buried by the other half.
Would you like some cheese and crackers to go with that whine?
Some minds are like concrete - all mixed up and permanently set.
When you turn green with envy, you are ripe for trouble.
Practice moderation in all things, but don't overdo it.
Will the last American out of Miami bring the flag?
I honor and express all facets of my being, regardless of state and local laws.
You're driving a car. It isn't a telephone booth, a beauty parlor or a restaurant.
The dog was sniffing him and all of a sudden he lifted his leg and peed on the man.
You are validating my inherent mistrust of strangers.
Put your nose to the grindstone and you're a bloody fool.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Sensor probe of SOL 3 reports no intelligent life.
I don't have an attitude problem, you have a perception problem.
Second, during the years ahead, when you come to the fork in the road, take it.
Never approach a bull from the front, a horse from the rear or a fool from any direction.
More doors are opened with please than with keys.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Stupidity does not qualify as a handicap, park elsewhere!
Rhys - great lover but had his mind stolen by aliens a long, long time ago.
The specimen looks like the head of a Barbie doll that a dog has chewed on.
Experience should be a guide post, but not a hitching post.
It is always darkest before it goes totally black.
It's no accident that stressed spelled backwards is desserts.
A social life? From what board can I download THAT?
I hate sex in the movies. I tried it once and the seat folded up.
Handy guide to modern science: If it's green or wriggles, it's biology.
That's not the truth that makes men free, only annoyed.
Droughts are because god didn't pay his water bill.
Revenge is a dish best served with a side of obsession and a nice tall glass of spite.
You have the right to remain silent, so please SHUT UP!
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Nothing screws up a good story like an eyewitness.
Here are some actual maintenance complaints submitted by US Air Force pilots and the replies from the maintenance crews.
After eating, do amphibians have to wait one hour before geting out of the water?
All things are possible, except skiing through a revolving door.
What's the difference between a Lebanese woman and a catfish?
Any one of these individuals could pass the testosterone screening test.
Why do men like love at first sight? It saves them a lot of time.
Make extra cash easily Take online surveys! Start making money now!
It is better to regret something you did, rather than to regret something you didn't do.
Labor: one of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
I did not cross the road with THAT chicken. What do you mean by chicken? Could you define chicken, please?
Tonight's weather: Dark with continued darkness until dawn.
If you mixed vodka orange juice with milk of magnesia, would you get a Philip's Screw Driver?
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will use it.
If you can read this... Your parents will be home in two minutes.
The Funny Pages :: Funny pictures, funny images, funny movies, funny media, jokes, funny text.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
If nuts could fly, this place would be an airport.
Looking a bit depressed, and obviously let down having expected more, Jon went outside. After a few minutes, he returned.
At least then they would get a little attention every 3 months or 3,000 miles, whichever came first.
I got a job at a zoo feeding giraffes but I was fired because I wasn't up to it.
If a cat becomes radioactive, will it now have 18 half lives?
The more they're in a fog, the more people toot their horns.
If Houdini were alive today, what would he be doing?
Fear knocked at the door. Faith answered and no one was there.
Any tool, when dropped, will roll into the least accessible corner of the workshop.
With a drum machine you only have to punch the information in once.
If they don't have chocolate in heaven, I'm not going.
Why is Lemon Juice made with artificial flavor and dish washing liquid made with real lemons?
What's the last thing that goes through a cat's mind as its hit by a truck at 100kph?
But you can't let her drive! She's legally blonde!
Best way to get a man to do something, is to suggest they are too old for it.
If it's stupid and it works, then it ain't stupid.
The road to a friend's house is never difficult nor long.
Thou shalt not jump onto thy sleeping human's bladder at 4 AM.
Your'e on a game show and decide to risk it all and go for the rocker.
I was born weird -- this terrible compulsion to behave normally is the result of childhood trauma.
Sweetheart: Last door on the left at the end of the hall.
My weight is perfect for my height, which varies depending on which shoes I wear.
WELLHUNG: You're pushing my glasses into my face. It hurts.
If you find yourself in front of your platoon they know something you don't.
Words can not describe the deep feelings I have for you ...
Men who put women on pedestals rarely knock them off.
I have an excellent track record, although I am not a horse.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Handle yourself with your head, handle others with your heart.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Meade's Maxim: Always remember that you are absolutely unique, just like everyone else.
Helpful Hint #6 Avoid arguments with the missus about lifting the toilet seat by simply pissing in the sink.
I used to work in a muffler factory until I got exhausted.
They have likely never played Pac Man and have never heard of Pong.
Graduate Of The Uncle Fester Keith Moon School of hair styling.
Why do we call it a TV set when you only get one?
You'll have the responsibilities of a manager, without the pay or respect.
If you are willing to admit faults, you have one less fault to admit.
Your reason for not staying in touch with family is that they do not have e-mail addresses.
Death sneaks up on you as a windshield sneaks up on a bug.
Tears will get you sympathy. Sweat will get you results.
Kleptomaniac: One who can't help himself from helping himself.
Professionals are predictable - amateurs are DANGEROUS!
Here's hoping your day was better than any of these.
My measurements are 36-24-36 What do you look like?
A neurotic is a person who has discovered the secret of perpetual emotion.
The noisemakers were obviously displeased, but they did accept his offer and continued their afternoon ruckus.
FYI: These jokes are mostly contributed by our readers.
Don't imagine you can change a man - unless he's in diapers.
If you are not big enough to lose you are too small to win.
Is Lord of the Flies about the invention of the zipper?
Warm and happy, able to breath, he started to sing.
Why can't life's problems hit us when we're 17 and know everything?
Isn't there a statute of limitations on stupidity?
Windows NT is the OS of the future and always will be...
What's the one thing that keep most men out of college?
The Great Bear of Wall Street, Cosabee Rivermore, died of suicide.
OWWW: the first word spoken by children with older siblings.
Jewish mothers - None. No, it's okay, I'll sit in the dark.
A passenger in coach yelled loudly, That's nothing.
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
If you overdosed on decongestant tablets, would you turn into a pile of dust?
I've collected the following quotes/puns from a few places online. I find them amusing.
Would you drive any better if I shoved that cell phone up your butt?
Peter's Principle: In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of his incompetence.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
When in the car, I will not insist on having the window rolled down when it's raining outside.
Support Pacifism - get out and fight for what you believe in.
The greatest pleasure is doing something for someone without their knowing it.
I can see you're point, but I still think you're full of it.
All Men Are Animals, Some Just Make Better Pets.
Boeing: The sound a plane makes when it hits the ground.
To help with planting, the farmer taught his sow to sow.
A cow passed by where he had fallen, and crapped on the little sparrow.
A horse walks into a bar, pulls up a stool, and orders a beer.
Given any problem containing N equations, there will be atleast N+1 unknowns.
His father said, "Son, where are you going?". The son replied, "I'm going to catch me some chickens".
You always find something in the last place you look.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
You might be a Desi if, you know all the $.50 theaters in your city.
Some people aren't hard of hearing, but hard of listening.
Everything you decide to do costs more than first estimated.
What happens to the hole when the cheese is gone?
Usually insane, in lucid moments I'm merely stupid.
There are only 2,000 real people in the world; the rest are bad special effects.
Eagles soar, but weasels aren't sucked into jet engines.
Why did the blonde's husband get rid of their washing machine?
There are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons in the White House. Or at least, there were.
General Electric Condoms: We bring good things to life!
If at first you don't succeed, your successor will.
He teaches like Speedy Gonzalez on a caffeine high.
Husband: Not at all honey, I would love you no matter who left you the money.
It is not always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
Please rate the joke between one and ten, with ten being the funniest.
Love thy neighbour, but be sure her husband is away.
You think the Weather channel's just the neatest thing.
The neighbors are upset if you borrow a lawnmower and don't return it.
A fair face may fade, but a beautiful soul lasts forever.
Sign-up to receive a Daily Quik Bite in your e-mail!
Why is that you can always read a doctor's bill but never his prescription?
You know that dust-off is not a miraculous cleaning solvent.
He who receives a good turn should never forget it; he who does one should never remember it.
God is living in Canada and doesn't want to get involved!
ACTION: Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror. Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.
Capt'n! The spellcheckerrr kinna take much morrre of this abuse!
Danny Madigan: Man, are you an idiot. You made the classic movie mistake: don't explain so much!
Why are cigarettes sold at gas stations where you can't smoke?
Sex is like air, it's not important unless you aren't getting any.
I've learned that you shouldn't compare yourself to others - they are more screwed up than you think.
What Do You Call Cheese That Isn't Yours? Nacho Cheese.
The Weakest Link: What insect is commonly found hovering above lakes?
Use this form to send this joke in an email message to someone you know.
A few days later the man walks into the store, this time carrying a paper bag.
Ready to Check Out? Click View Cart Above, review, then hit Check Out!
It's not only who you know but what you know about who you know that counts.
A self-adressed envelope would be addressed "Envelope".
Good manners often consists in putting up with bad ones.
It is amazing how many people want to live a long life, and yet so few want to grow old.
I'm really easy to get along with once people learn to worship me.
Those who drink to drown their sorrows should be taught that sorrows know how to swim.
If you can remain calm, you don't have all the facts.
How do you know they were council workers? asked the police.
They May Put Me In Prison, But They Can't Stop My Face From Breakin' Out.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not your sport.
Today, someone sent me the list of bumper stickers below, which includes some I haven't seen before.
Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
You know that an observation post was not voyeuristic surveillance.
My cat makes me search the room for invisible intruders.
There are no passengers on spaceship Earth- we are all the crew.
Joanne - moans in her sleep, cant cook, moans when she wakes up!
Everybody had to be off the streets or risk being shot.
I did a show last week for some priests, they didn't pay me, they forgave me!
On the second day, God created man to serve the cat.
What do you do when you discover an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants?
Men know that if she looks like your mother, run.
Never raise your hands to your kids, it leaves your groin unprotected.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your errors is even more human.
He who sitteth on an upturned tack shall surely rise.
Things are not as bad as they seem. They are worse.
Dont look back, they might be gaining on you.
Blood is thicker than water. Tastier and more nutritious too.
RUSSIAN COMMUNISM: You have two cows. You have to take care of them, but the government takes all the milk.
I'll work for food. I'd like to know who doesn't.
Sex: the pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable.
I have the heart of a child. I keep it in a jar.
Shopping tip: You can get shoes for $2.00 at bowling alleys.
Nine months? Why were you in such a hurry at the end?
I was working for my mom until she decided to move.
Your daughter sells Girl Scout Cookies via her web site.
It isn't necessary to be an idiot to be a senior officer, but it sure helps.
Good judgement comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement.
Il BigBang genero' l'Universo. Il BigBug Windows'95.
I've got the ship, you've got the harbor ... what say we tie up for the night?
FREE TIBET! (with the purchase of a 44 oz. drink).
Estne volumen in toga, an solum tibi libet me videre?
Sometimes I wish I could get a mirror with a better view.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open your mouth and prove it.
If a giraffe had a sore throat, how many lozenges would it need to make it better?
Why do women wear evening gowns to nightclubs? Shouldn't they be wearing night gowns?
Never invest in any idea that you can't illustrate with a crayon.
This tagline is SHAREWARE! To register, send me $10.
CollegeHumor.com : New Funny Pictures, Funny Movies, and Funny Hotlinks Daily!
He only comes once a year and even then it's down the chimney.
Some insects can live up to a year without their heads.
Are you wearing your golfer's socks? The pair with a hole in one.
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.
I fell and started to get up when I looked up and saw a refrig. falling on me.
Copy from another: plagiarism. Copy from many: research.
Good: Your child's "waiting for Mr. Right". Bad: Your son, that is.
Toad - n. What happens to an illegally parked frog.
Guns don't kill people... but they make it real easy.
I was arrested for walking in someone else's sleep.
Bachelors go to the refrigerator, see nothing they want, then go to bed.
I have a husband and a dog. What the h*ll do I need kids for?!!!
How come people always flip and think they're Jesus? Why not Buddha?
People who eat natural foods die from natural causes.
A wishbone has never taken the place of a backbone.
First the engagement ring, then the wedding ring, then the suffering.
A farmer had five female pigs and, as times were hard ...
Anyone that flirts with you on-duty won't even recognize you off-duty.
If homosexuality is a disease, can I call into work 'gay'?
Silence is not only golden; it's seldom misquoted.
Give a speculator an inch and he'll build a condo.
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You have got to set your self on fire for it.
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
How about you and I go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
The trouble with getting a life is making the payments.
Communism is like prohibition - it's a good idea, but it won't work.
Thou shalt not lie down with thy butt in thy humans face.
But it only takes suspicion, not proof, to destroy it.
I believe there is a higher power: it's called the government.
Each year the Washington Post's asks readers to take any word from the dictionary ...
The worm in the sour apple doesn't know any better.
If you voted for Bush/Gore ...YOU must have inhaled !
If a tree falls on a florist, would he make a sound?
Between 21 and 30 a woman is like America, well developed and open to trade especially for someone with cash.
Call and talk to your parents today; some people wish they could.
Why do toasters always have a setting that burns the toast to a horrible crisp no-one would eat?
Don't look back, something may be gaining on you.
You might be a Desi if, you have a bucket in your bath tub.
You believe that if you think hard enough, you can fly.
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal, if you are all thumbs.
Paranoia is the delusion that your enemies are organized.
Cash in those CD's and boost your retirement income with secure, tax-deferred growth and much more.
A heavy burden does not kill on the day it is carried.
Losing your mind was okay, but when the voices in your head quieted, it was like losing your best friend.
If you can read this you are looking tooooooooooooo close!!!!!!!!
Your overheads and siren will only fail during a pursuit.
I talk to myself a lot, and it bothers people because I use a megaphone.
My best feature? I would say my overwhelming humility.
Even crime wouldn't pay if the government ran it.
Kiss me. I'm not Irish, but don't let that stop you.
When dining out, your parents think $1 is enough of a tip.
If it looks too good to be true, it is too good to be true.
He's dead, Jim. Of course he's dead ... I killed him.
Make three consecutive correct guesses and you will be considered an expert.
We don't have the answers, but we sure do have the questions.
Your yard has been proposed as a new landfill site.
I used to have an open mind, but my brain kept falling out.
It was love at first sight. Then I took a second look !!
No electrons were harmed in the creation of this message.
The probability of an event occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.
There are more dead than living and they are increasing.
If you tell a lie, don't believe it deceives only the other person.
Accident: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better.
Christian Scientists - One. To sit and pray for the old one to go back on.
I am not a complete idiot. Some parts are missing.
Three weeks later the student was fined five pounds for not wearing a sword to the examination.
Stapp's Ironical Paradox, AKA Stapp's Law: the universal aptitude for ineptitude makes any human accomplishment an incredible miracle.
The trouble with resisting temptation is that it may never come again.
Why did the poor dog chase his own tail ? He was trying to make both ends meet !
WELLHUNG: I`m screaming. Your hands are cold! Yikes!
Why do bachelors like smart women? Opposites attract.
P.S. Congratulations on winning this week's lottery.
Why in a country of free speech, are there phone bills?
It's not a matter of life and death - it's much more important than that.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 pm.
If it never returns, it was never yours to begin with.
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected; carefully planned projects only twice as long.
The Captain asks all the passengers to chip in a little for gas.
First man : why do you go hunting without bullet ??
Judge to the accused: are you sure you don't want a lawyer?
I got this truck for my wife... Good trade huhh!!!
One month later on these absolutely stunning deserted islands in the middle of nowhere, the following things have occurred...
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star.
If It's Called Tourist Season, Why Can't We Hunt Them?
No machine can replace me until it learns to drink.
We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.
This is Chapter 4 split into small pages, no frames, and much kinder to WEBTV browsers.
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
It is hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
Men are from Earth. Women are from Earth. Get used to it.
The most important thing about a mistake is what you do immediately after it.
If "pro" is the opposite of "con," is progress the opposite of congress?
Knowledge without insight is like a horse in the library.
Imagine if you will... the leader of the fifth invader force speaking to the commander in chief...
The cost of feathers has risen and now even down is up.
It's not a perfect world, but what's your excuse?
Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Benign......................What you be after you be eight.
Faith - legs meet at knees, can't shag standing up.
He doesn't eat MMs himself... He says they're too tough to peel.
Contestant: I think I know that one, is it Jewish ?
Did you hear about the Irishman who went to the toilet?
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
Husbands Are Proof That Women Have a Sense of Humor.
Why does the word monosyllabic contain five syllables?
You think you have two cows, but you don't know what a cow looks like. You take a nap.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
If vegetable oil is made of vegetables, and olive oil is made of olives, what is baby oil made of?
You go to a hockey game and wonder what happened to the dealers and boxman.
As easy as 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716.
Crime doesn't pay. Does that mean my job is a crime?
The better the system administration front end, the more back ends who'll be doing system administration.
I just got back from a pleasure trip - I drove my wife to the airport!
The wife held up her hand to cut him off in mid-curse.
The only good reason to ride a bull is to meet a nurse.
Wouldn't it be great if we could sell our mistakes for what they cost us?
Even the words sound like a ceremony . . .YOU BECOME 21 . . . YESSSS!!!
Sorry kids, Daddy loves you but Daddy also loves TV, and in all fairness TV came first.
You also forgot: If youre missing a cat, look under my tires. ...
Just one, but he'll spend two hours checking the bulb for alignment and leaks.
They're multi-purpose. Not only do they put the clips on, but they take them off.
Why do people with so few clues have so much time?
Don't ask me. The cats are in charge around here.
He who spares the guilty threatens the innocent.
Don't be so open-minded your brains might fall out.
One Step Beyond The Night Gallery into The Outer Limits of The Twilight Zone.
My grandfather invented Cliff's Notes. It all started back in 1912 . . . well, to make a long story short . . .
No one's lot in life is so hard he can't build upon it.
Why are there 5 sylables in the word "monosylabic"?
Polar Bear, Cartesian Bear after coordinate transformation.
A next door neighbour's car aerial, carefully folded, makes an ideal coat hanger in an emergency.
Those nicotine patches work really well, but I heard it was hard to keep them lit.
Have to save Maggie. Have to save Jack. Hook is back!
All of me is beautiful, even the ugly, stupid and disgusting parts.
Government expands to absorb revenue, and then some.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
The worst thing about censorship is **************************.
The state-of-art computer you buy today will be a K-Mart special within 18 months.
If reality wants to get in touch, it knows where I am.
IDIA HAMSTERS: People who always have their idea generators running.
It's as easy as 3.14159265358979323846264338327950...
Women who see to be equal with men lack ambition.
I'm not short and heavy, I'm just traveling near the speed of light.
Two caterpillars are sitting on a leaf when a butterfly zooms by, startling them.
If I HAD any loose fitting clothing, I wouldn't have signed up in the first place!
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest drown too?
Seen on the back of a biker's vest: If you can read this, my wife fell off.
The best way to keep friends is not to give them away.
I want Christina Applegate's panties with her in 'em!
The man is horrified to having killed a creature, looks at the hare and tears run down his face.
If you don't understand what your doing, at least do it neatly.
Why'd the couple stop after 3 children? Cos they heard every fourth child born is chinese.
Monday is a hard way to spend one seventh of your life.
Why do we park in driveways and drive on parkways?
Why is it that no matter what color of bubble bath you use the bubbles are always white?
Used Cars: Why go elsewhere to be cheated? Come here first!
What's the difference between Britt Ekland and Ayers Rock?
I can't live with death; he's always leaving the toilet seat up.
I'm getting so absent-minded that sometimes right in the middle of a sentence I...
Who's General Failure and why is he reading my disk?
Gentlemen's agreements can get very ungentlemanly.
If everything seems to be going well, you've probably overlooked something.
Ask the person who has won a silver medal in the Olympics.
Praised be the end user who expects nothing, for he/she will never be disappointed.
He's so big that when he sat on a quarter, a booger shot out of George Washington's nose.
Jesus may love you, but he won't respect you in the morning.
Really Means: Offers plausible excuses for errors.
Well, at least the operation was a partial success.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
We didn't have electricity. We had to use our computers by candlelight.
My last job was working at Starbucks, but I had to quit because it was always the same old grind.
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90 percent... Wedding cake!
To assume makes an ass out of YOU. Leave ME out of this.
Religion cannot be without morality, but morality may arrive without religion.
Not one shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.
A good sense of humor will get you through most problems in life (unfortunately, mostly in retrospect) .
Cynic: Someone who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs louder.
You're as much use as a condom machine at the Vatican.
If things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Sex is like air. It only becomes really important when you aren't getting any.
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
It takes many nails to build a crib but one screw to fill it.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Why shouldn't witches lose their tempers? Because they will fly off the handle!
Probability of failure of a component is inversely proportional to the ease of repair or replacement.
To be happy with a woman you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
A camel looks like a horse that was planned by a committee.
Why is Bungee Jumping like visiting a prostitute?
Turn off your headlights... my bumper stickers can't see.
Others look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Is it fair to say that there'd be less litter in Britain if blind people were given pointed sticks?
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Lynch's Law: When the going gets tough, everybody leaves.
Men aren't pigs....pigs are gentle, cute creatures!
Chris - can't pull, will pay for women, but has a huge pecker and can use it too.
The smartest advice on raising children is to enjoy them while they are still on your side.
How many alto sax players does it take to change a light bulb?
If you don't know where you're going, you're never lost.
Our sofa seats the whole mob - and it's made of 100% Italian leather.
University is a fountain of Knowledge... and the students are there to drink.
I heard that you changed your mind. So, what did you do with the diaper?
Jesus saves sinners...and redeems them for valuable cash pizes.
Civilization is a race between education and catastrophe.
Shirley - can swallow a Curly Whirly whole, likes bananas.
MarriageRelationships-3Pages!
Sign over one of the urinals, Ed Debevic's, Phoenix,AZ.
A winner makes commitments; a loser makes promises.
How Things Would Be Different If Microsoft Were Located In Arkansas!
When you dont know where youre going, you have to stick together just in case someone gets there.
If at first you do not succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
It's a fine day for a good workout; I think I'll steal something heavy.
Laws of Nature you can count on things screwing up the same way each time.
Roswell on Showtime, The Truth is on Their Shoulders.
Why are they called TV sets when you only get one?
I live so far in the country, my zipcode is EIEIO!
ECONOMISTS don't hunt elephants, but they believe that if elephants are paid enough, they will hunt themselves.
Will the sound of one hand clapping still turn off my TV?
WinErr: 008 Broken window - Watch out for glass fragments.
Enough research will tend to support your conclusions.
Seen on a T-shirt: Remember the days when sex was safe and skydiving was dangerous?
Filthy stinking rich...well, two out of three ain't bad.
If a cat watches a refrigerator long enough, someone will come along and take out something good to eat.
Learn to work the toilet seat: if it's up put it down.
What did the blonde say when she saw the sign in front of the YMCA?
You know that the kitchen police do not investigate food crimes.
I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive.
The greater the importance of decisions to be made, the larger must be the committee assigned to make them.
The Weakest Link: In traffic, what "J" is where two roads meet ?
If people from Poland are called "Poles," why aren't people from Holland called "Holes?
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it.
Is that seat saved? No, but we're praying for it.
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives.
Never feed your cat anything that clashes with the carpet!
More hay, Trigger?" "No thanks, Roy, I'm stuffed.
Kamikaze Pilot Wanted: Experienced only need apply.
Roses are red, Pickles are green, I like ur legs and all that's between!
Questions or Comments about the site, content, or our funny jokes?
Can you imagine conning eight cats into pulling a sled?
Yawn: The only time some married men ever get to open their mouth.
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
They followed the plan and waited for their friend.
Why do we park in a driveway and drive in a parkway?
The beauty of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.
He turns to the woman in line and asks her about her life.
Why is it that you sit in front of your TV and behind your computer?
Learning from your mistakes is smart, learning from the mistakes of others is wise.
This idea would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
If marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
How come French fries are not considered a vegetable, they are just deep fried potatoes?
Radio Hallam: Of which European country is Lisbon the capital ?
I believe that if anything is worth doing, it would have been done already.
Do funeral processions at night drive with their headlights off?
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them.
Any device requiring service or adjustment will be the least accessible.
Apply now for a Products for Learning grant of imaging and IT tools for your class.
When a man's wife learns to understand him, she stops listening to him.
Dreadful. Truly dreadful. But you love it, don't you?
No intelligent life down here. Beam me up Scotty.
We can fully assess a person just by looking at their shoes.
My intuition nearly makes up for my lack of self-judgment.
And that's how the tradition of the Angel being perched atop the Christmas tree came to pass.
I'd insult you, but you're not bright enough to notice.
Proverbial excrement hits oscillating air device.
Flying is the second greatest thrill known to man. Landing is the first.
Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and sister.
The determined man is not one who is never discouraged, but one who keeps going on in spite of it.
It is only possible to live happily-ever-after on a day-to-day basis.
According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
I have not gossiped, lost my temper, been greedy, grumpy, nasty, selfish, or self indulgent.
It takes longer to get there than it does to get back.
I'm really easy to get along with once you people realize I'm right.
IN A HONG KONG SUPERMARKET: For your convenience, we recommend courteous, efficient, self-service.
Men die earlier, so we get to cash in on the life insurance.
Charles - can't trust him, eyes too close together.
Christopher Columbus did not need directions, and neither do we.
New York: You Have the Right to Remain Silent, You Have the Right to an Attorney...
Woman: Both. You go to yours, and I'll go to mine.
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
Youthful figure: What you get when asking a woman's age.
Facts without theory are trivia; theory without facts is bull.
Kindness consists of loving people more than they deserve.
Did you hear about the pregnant bedbug? She had her baby in the spring.
Dont be so open-minded your brains fall out.
A friend of mine comes from a perfectly normal family. In other words, his parents had 2.5 children.
Lead a horse to water, kill it and eat like a king.
You don't have to clean your flat if the electricity meter reader is coming.
Ever notice that a human baby doesn't walk until it's tall enough to reach a parent's hand?
Arriving at the convent the nun gets out and the priest goes on his way.
Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it for he shall enjoy living.
Why should I waste my time reliving the past when I can spend it worrying about the future?
This is my tag,there're many like it,this one is mine.
To all you virgins out there....Thanks for nothing.
The bird: a nest, the spider: a web, man: friendship.
A friend: someone who likes you even after they know you.
If you say something is indescribable, isn't that describing it?
Cat: Proof that eating and sleeping isn't all bad.
If you were on trial for being a Christian--- would there be enough evidence to convict you?
Someone who smells the flowers and looks for the casket.
Synonym: a word you use when you can't pronounce or spell the other one.
You believe shallow gene pool should have it's own box on the report card.
For those who think Dan's Mon-key visiting would be fun, this is a warning.
Join The Army, Visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
The number one cause of computer problems is computer solutions.
C:\WINDOWS del *.* ... Ah, I feel so much better now!
Whoever coined the term necking was a poor judge of anatomy.
Death. How nice. I'm looking forward to the peace and quiet.
The chief excitement in a woman's life is spotting women who are fatter than she is.
Question #6: There are more collect calls made on this day than any other.
The secret of the universe is *)^^%%*!! NO CARRIER!
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
The Weakest Link: The equator divides the world into how many hemispheres ?
If a sight is worth seeing, someone will build a highway to it.
The only cure for insomnia is to get more sleep.
Aaron - ugly but hung like a horse, prone to belly button fluff.
The midget says, "Nith eyeth, can I thee her earzth"?
The less you say, the less you have to take back.
There's an exception to every rule, except this one.
Daddy, my new magnet couldn't pick up any of your floppy disks.
Mixed emotions: Watching the school burn down when your new catcher's mitt is in your desk.
Nervous as long tailed cat in roomful of rocking chairs.
Rawbert: Boss, I've had twins! Mere dono bachchon ke liye koi naam bataiye...
No matter how bad a situation is, if you can't laugh at it, you are in really deep sh*t.
So you're kids no honor student. Society needs laborers.
If you steal a clean slate, does it go on your record?
You can't tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
If you put your money where your mouth is, you will look very strange to other people.
All I ask is for a chance to prove that money can't buy happiness.
Your call will be answered in the order in which it was ignored.
O'Toole's Commentary On Murphy's Law: Murphy was an optimist.
What do you call ten skydivers falling in a circle?
Those who get too big for their britches will be exposed in the end.
Fine = Tax for doing wrong. Tax = Fine for doing fine.
Keep a very firm grasp on reality, so you can strangle it at any time.
If the horse you're drawing looks more like a dog, make it a dog.
Ever wonder why your gynecologist leave the room when you get undressed?
Having the right to do it, doesn't mean it is right to do it.
Old is needing a fire permit for your birthday cake.
Hospitality is making your guests feel at home, even if you wish they were.
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
Fear of crowded holiday shopping: Santa Claustropobia.
Perseverance is getting on with the job when you know it's impossible.
Mind like a steel trap - rusty and illegal in 37 states.
You keep yelling "STOP TOUCHING ME!!!!" even though you are the only one in the room.
I'm willing to admit that I may not always be right, but I am never wrong.
What do you call a cross between a poof and a dinosaur?
The five most essential words for a healthy, vital relationship: I apologize and You are right.
Things that must work together, can't be carried to the field that way.
The 400+ taglines that follow are Dave Bealer's favorites.
Murphy's Law isn't recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
After about an hour, the manager came out of the office and asked them to disperse.
Politically-incorrect t-shirt: What part of "AWW C'MON, PLEASE??" don't you understand?
The floggings will continue until morale is improved.
For those who don't have a Mon-key, this is hilarious.
The universe is simple - it's the explanation that's complex.
Suburbs are areas where they cut down trees and then name the streets after them.
It is not your position that makes you happy or unhappy, it's your disposition.
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and and stupidity.
A thick head can do as much damage as a hard heart.
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it!
If you suddenly drop a pussy, it may hunt you down like the dog you are.
Cats keep their claws sharp because they know that just a purr may not be enough.
Thirty-eight or thirty-five, I can't remember which.
Who puts those Thin Ice signs out there?
The words we use can end up compounding our problems.
Finish Your Beer ~ There Are Sober People In China!
Whatever their faults, the Communists never created canned laughter.
It's not what we stand for...it's what we get talked into that counts.
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
Keith - good person to talk to when you have a problem - his is worse.
So the man took some cookies out of his pocket to feed to the dog.
I don't believe in superstition - it brings bad luck.
None, the bitch who brings it should have opened it too.
REWARD: A certificate of appreciation in a handsome plastic frame.
Are you working on the solution or are you part of the problem.
It is better to remain silent and thought a fool then to speak up and remove all doubt.
The probability of a drink getting spilled into a console is directly propotional to the cost of the console.
Under-Achievers Anonymous has an 11-step program.
But what ... is it good for? -- Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, 1968, commenting on the microchip.
Yes, but you're taking the universe out of context.
Why does "fat chance" and "slim chance" mean the same thing?
If the world's a stage, I'm completely unrehearsed!
Cooperation is doing with a smile that which you have to do anyway.
No bath cures stupidity, but drowning might help.
God give us relatives, but let us choose our friends.
I have never seen the Catskill mountains, but I have seen them kill mice.
We suggest that you DO NOT use your company's email account for receiving these jokes.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
Competition brings out the best in products and the worst in people.
There is nothing wrong in having nothing to say, unless you insist on saying it.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.
We're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view.
The more directives you issue to solve a problem, the worse it gets.
Don't stand up and cheer on your horse at the Sega horse racing game.
Statistics is like a Bikini; what is revealed is suggestive, but what is concealed is vital.
The main accomplishment of almost all organized protests is to annoy people who are not in them.
Now, go away, or I shall taunt you a second time!
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening all at once.
If you stand up to be counted someone will take your seat.
What do you call a Lada/Skoda at the top of a hill? A miracle.
There are no absolute answers to life - just revelations.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
Enlighten a liberal; shine a flashlight under his rock.
Isn't is a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do a 'practice'?
Quando omni flunkus moritati - when all else fails, play dead.
A person that learns from their mistakes is smart. A person that learns from other people's mistakes is smarter.
How many Golden Dawners does it take to change a lightbulb?
Makes you sound like bad milk. He TURNED , we had to throw him out.
You refer to your dining room table as the flat filing cabinet.
Prepositions are not words to end sentences with.
There is some consolation in the fact that even if your dreams haven't come true- neither have your nightmares.
An expert is the person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
The deficiency will never show itself during the test run.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world population.
All good things must come to an end, I just want to know when they start!
Having your lawyer pay for lunch will be very expensive in the end.
Help! There are Windows everywhere! In my car, my house.
In a physical confrontation involving more than one officer, any impact weapon used will strike cops more times than crooks.
HAM AND EGGS - A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
I'm not sure, Jacob ... something about the emergency brake...
You notice that you are using words like "whippersnapper","scalawag" and "by-cracky".
Jennifer - huge breasts, should shave her legs more often.
The quickest way to find something is to start looking for something else.
A retreating enemy is probably just falling back and regrouping.
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
When it comes to getting a suntan, ignorance is blister.
Once there was an old Cowboy, and he shared some insights on life.
If at first you don't succeed, don't admit you tried!
If you like the product, the manufacturer will stop making it.
These settings will have no effect until you restart the system.
Just when you think you're winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat.
Did you know that a mustache can improve your memory. Now, I can remember what I had to eat last.
A single reason why you can do something is worth 100 reasons why you can't.
So they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
Remember My Name------You'll Be Screaming It Later.
Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles.
I'm still single because my family-in-law cannot have children.
The only thing in NY that annoys me more than the traffic is the carjacking.
Latitude-Longitude-Altitude: ........... ........... ..........
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes and caterpillars.
OJ killed two people and all I got was this t-shirt.
Reality is for those people who can't cope with drugs.
You have two cows. You sell one, buy a bull, and build a herd of cows.
The original point and click interface was a Smith Wesson.
Dignity is the one thing which cannot be preserved in alcohol.
They all joined a cult and committed mass suicide.
Wild beasts won't harm you if you carry a blazing torch - provided you carry it fast enough.
From Mikey's Funnies e-mail list, humor every weekday.
There are three kinds of people -- those who can count and those who can't.
If you would know a man, observe how he treats a cat.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.
Statistics can be used to support anything, especially statisticians.
I'm into a new life style that doesn't require my participation.
Kim promised she would't get angry, and convinced her hubby to tell her.
The student who does not surpass his master, fails his master.
Every dog has his day, but the nights belong to cats!
I may be a cruel, heartless bitch, but I'm good at it.
Wisdom consists of knowing when to avoid perfection.
We don't want to go back to tomorrow, we want to go forward.
You read this entire list, and kept nodding and smiling.
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's intolerance.
DEFINITION: Chaining - A method of attaching programmers to desks to speed up output.
Do you need a silencer if you are going to shoot a mime?
Some times the only solution is to find a new problem.
You don't need decorated words to make your meanin' clear. Say it plain and save some breath for breathin'.
When you mistakenly plant at too high a population, every seed will grow.
I have invented a smaller mouse, for computers. I call it a Mini Mouse. (Disney is suing me).
If your voting could really change things, it would be illegal.
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do.
First rule of acting: whatever happens, look as if it were intended.
Life is like an ashtray - full of little doubts!
Humor in a Jewish Vein, jokes and stories about Jews and Israel.
The secret of good golf is to hit the ball hard, straight and not too often.
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
I like noise. I need noise. When it's too quiet, I can hear my brain cells dying.
Failure to plan on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
IN RHODES TAILOR SHOP: Order your summers suit. Because is big rush we will execute customers in strict rotation.
Wind velocity increases in direct proportion to how well your hat fits.
Help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy!
You finger them, throw 'em down the gutter, and they come back for more.
Thou shalt not leap from great heights onto thy humans genital regions.
A pork pie walks into a bar and the barman says sorry we dont serve food in here.
Richard - can't see his feet as balls are too big.
You know the dirty work of Medics and Combat Engineers matches the grunts.
I always like to try the one I've never tried before.
Your code is theoretically beautiful, but it won't work.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
The trouble with the gene pool is that there's no lifeguard.
Vote Democratic... It's easier than getting a job.
Death is Nature's way of telling you to slow down!
I wasn't sleeping! I was meditating on the mission statement and envisioning a new paradigm!
Armadillo: To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.
You've ever stood in line more than 1 hour to get your picture taken with a freak of nature.
You know you've landed with the wheels up if it takes full power to taxi to the ramp.
Teamwork is essential in the lab. It allows you to blame someone else.
Whits pink, wrinkled and hangs oot yer trousers??? Yer Gran!
When you're throwing' your weight around, be ready to have it thrown around by somebody else.
A little lie is like a little pregnancy it doesn't take long before everyone knows.
Pastel colored candles in the shape of cute animals are like direct sunlight to the Powers of Darkness.
My idea of cleaning the house is sweeping the floor with a glance.
If Clinton were captain of the Titanic, he'd say we were stopping for ice.
Help! I've got a cat in my lap and I can't get up!
I know you have a thing for me, but why is it so small and deformed?
Somedays it's just not worth chewing through the restraints...
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?
You can submit as many jokes as you like each month.
Happiness is a warm puppy with an empty bladder.
If you're not angry, you're not paying attention!
The theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard.
If you were scared half to death twice, would you be 3/4 dead or 100% dead?
WINDOWS stands for Will Install Needless Data On Whole System.
My cat does not break things, she helps gravity do its job.
The Japanese added sport wheels and an aero kit to the car, they than sent it to the U.K.
We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.
I'm an apathetic sociopath - I'd kill you if I cared.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Why can't you be unique and original like everybody else?
Answers: $1, Short: $5, Correct: $25, dumb looks are still free.
You must pay for your sins. If you have already paid, disregard this notice.
Q, What do the Donkeys on Blackpool Beach get for their dinner?
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
Today is the tomorrow you didn't prepare for yesterday.
If you can wave a fan, and you can wave a club, can you wave a fan club?
OUTSIDE A PARIS DRESS SHOP: Dresses for street walking.
Thank you. We're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view.
The only time my wife stops talking is when HER MOTHER starts talking.
What's the definition of a mistress? Something between a mister and a mattress.
I've Got Tears In My Ears From Lying On My Back While I Cry Over You.
Behavior is a mirror in which everyone shows his image.
If you can't say something nice about somebody, then you've come to the right place.
For an hour, refer to everyone you speak to as 'Bob'.
DOS never says EXCELLENT command or filename...
Computer science: Solving today's problems tomorrow.
We have to believe in free will. We have no choice.
Blamestorming - Sitting around in a group, discussing why a deadline was missed or a project failed, and who was responsible.
A real gentlemen always lifts the toilet seat up... After accidentally pissing all over it.
I know nothing about sex, because I was always married.
If at first you don't succeed....the hell with it.
Remember, If you're not in bed by 10:30..... go home!
Why is it considered necessary to nail down the lid of a coffin?
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? Sex, stupidity.
Multitasking - Screwing up several things at once.
Stuart - droll guy with great arse and suicidal tendencies but great in bed.
Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.
Information was presented like a ruptured fire hose - spraying in all directions - no way to stop it.
It is one's attitude at the beginning of a task which will, more than anything else, determine its outcome.
Disks are always full. It is futile to try to get more disk space. Data expands to fill any void.
People never glance at your chest when you're talking to them.
Doing little things well is a step toward doing big things better.
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
The problem with the future is it turns into the present.
Foolish man give wife grand piano, wise man give wife upright organ.
My parents were soooooo poor, they got married for the rice.
Anger is never without reason, but seldom with a good one.
Note on a door: Out to lunch; if not back by five, out for dinner also.
Christmans tag-sale. Handmade gifts for the hard-to-find person.
With all the happy drunks and smiling faces, this is the perfect clubbing shirt.
This guy doesn't need a sign; he probably figured it out himself.
Why is abbreviation such a long word?
My other car has bucket seats. This one has orange crates.
The British have a reputation for keeping calm even when there is no crisis.
The 2 English men are waiting for someone to introduce them to the English woman.
Thank you Humor Project for having such great questions and the ability to share!
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy all her friends?
Yetta: "No dear... I'm saying wear an old dress.
Works well when under constant supervision and cornered like a rat in a trap.
If you set out to fail, and succeed, what have you done?
The distance to a given camp site remains constant as twilight approaches.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you have got.
Andrex condoms - Soft, strong and very very long.
You've sat at the same desk for four years and worked for three different companies.
We need either less corruption or more chance to participate in it.
Four-poster bed, 101 years old. Perfect for antique lover.
The words printed here are concepts. You must go through the experiences.
IN A YUGOSLAVIAN HOTEL: The flattening of underwear with pleasure is the job of the chambermaid.
Anyone who believes in telekinesis raise my hand.
Don't worry about biting off more than you can chew.
The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way.
Smile - Its The Second Best Thing you can do with Your Lips.
What do you do if your boyfriend walks-out? You shut the door.
What if the hokey pokey is really what it's all about?
There is this African pygmy ghost tribe called the Fucawees but nobody has ever seen them.
Wife: Whatever you want, just be out of the house by the time I get home.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an idiot!
Never try to teach a pig manners. It will frustrate you and it annoys the pig.
If progress is technology moving forward, then what is congress?
To keep a secret from the enemy, keep your mouth shut!
The investment adviser was impressed. "What sort of case was it?" she asked.
The last round to be plowed next to the line fence is always one furrow narrower than the plow.
The quantity of the food consumed is in direct ratio to your weight.
Why do you hang around with that sadist? Beats me!
The same girl also sent these - and so too did Rosalie and Digi Steve: Waaah - I lost my job today ...
He's shocked when he finds that his skin is starting to turn purple, too.
Never argue with an idiot. They drag you down to their level and then they beat you with experience.
Dopeler Effect: The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when you have been smoking marijuana.
I had dreams and I've had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams.
If at first you don't succeed, try a shorter bungee.
Will Rogers was probably the greatest political sage this country has ever known ....
My mother told me to be good...but she's been wrong before.
Climate is what you expect. Weather is what you get.
How much can I get away with and still go to heaven?
Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with an amoeba?
Ever notice that anyone driving slower than you is an idiot, but anyone going faster is a maniac?
It is better to have loved and lost than to have hated and won.
Cynics are people who know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Red meat is bad for you. Fuzzy green meat is even worse.
Why have Americans got AIDS and NZers got Australians?
I'm addicted to placebos. I'd give them up, but it wouldn't make a difference.
I can't decide between EDLIN and WordPerfect Six......
Click here to get Shallow Thoughts and other great humor in your email!
Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?
Third Law of Advice: Simple advice is the best advice.
Michael Jackson sang Baby Be Mine. I think he meant it.
Cleaning your house while your kids are at home is like trying to shovel the driveway during a snowstorm.
Excuses are the easiest things to manufacture, and the hardest things to sell.
Knowledge is like a garden; if it is not cultivated, it cannot be harvested.
William G. Stewart: Which city in Devon lies at the southern end of the M5 motorway ?
Yeah, right! Like I'm going to put that icky thing in my mouth.
My life has a superb cast, but I can't figure out the plot.
The whole purpose of your life is to serve as a warning to others.
Sometimes the best defense is a skillful surrender.
Then, he tossed the ball into the air, swung at it, and missed.
Anyone who has time to look for a 4- leaf clover needs to find one.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
If a bi-sexual were to turn up missing, would they put his picture on a carton of Half Half?
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned, I couldn't concentrate.
I spent all my money on a FAX machine. Now I can only FAX collect.
AT WORK..........You get fired for watching TV and playing games.
If Oprah Winfrey married Depak Chopra, shed be Oprah Chopra.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.
No! No! Windows isn't a virus. Viruses do something.
Nell - hasn't realised WWII has ended, lives in Kent.
What man would go to a yearly sale and fight off 300 women for a $1.99 purse?
Did you hear about the two homosexual magistrates?
I'm a paranoid schizophrenic always out to get myself...
A smile is a curve that can set a lot of things straight.
When your entire staff is available no one will come.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
You might be a Desi if, you have to borrow luggage from friends for a visit back home.
Why do you drive on a parkway, and park on a driveway?
Those who trade freedom for security don't deserve either.
Interchangeable parts don't, leak proof seals will and self starters wont.
Always make new friends but don't forget the old.
Pyramids: a range of mountains between France and Spain.
A Scunthorpe man had recently lost his wife and went to the stone-mason after her funeral.
Direct From the Real Funny Jokes List Archive ....
One is successful when they can lay a firm foundation with bricks thrown at them by others.
Say nothing they think your stupid..Talk they know for sure.
F1: Well, I'm sure you were just trying to understand the game. What questions did you ask?
Why do some displays of "I love you only" Valentine cards sell them in multi-packs?
Winning in sports is 50% skill, 50% hard work, and 50% luck.
Little Debbie snack cakes have too many fat grams.
Keep looking around. There's always something you've missed.
Everybody wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die.
Ambidextrous, adj. Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.
When putting it into memory, remember where you put it.
The man answered, "She'd rather remodel the kitchen".
A synonym is a word you use if you can't spell the other one.
The more trivial your research, the more people will read it and agree.
DEFENSE: what you'd better have around the yard if you're going to let the children play outside.
Occasional chair: What is it the rest of the time?
I've used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
By the next day the word has spread and a throng has gathered around the grave.
What's the best thing about Pagan friends? They worship the ground you walk on...
We're having creative differences. I'm creative, you're different.
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature.
Hey idiot, hang up! You are driving a car, not a phone booth.
You think the ecology movement began on search-and-destroy field trips.
Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious.
Error: Please check the integrity of the universe. Pi does not appear to be equal to 3.1415926535....
Well aren't you justthe most adorable black hole of need!
When she sits on your face and you can't hear the stereo.
Some people like to spend, others like to save, unfortunately they tend to marry each other!
I was once arrested for walking in someone else's sleep.
Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boatand drink beer all day.
My Etch-A-Sketch has all of these funny little lines all over the screen.
Suddenly, he sees it again in his rear view mirror and wham! It smashes into the back of the Fantasy.
And how come there's never a garage actually for sale at all those garage sales?
If you're less than 10 years old, you're so excited about aging that you think in fractions.
What many orators lack in depth they give you in length.
He bent over, picked up the frog, and put it in his pocket.
How many Shamans does it take to change a lightbulb?
A bird does not sing because it has an answer -- it sings because it has a song.
The business world worships mediocrity. Officially, we revere free enterprise, initiative, and individuality. Unofficially, we fear it.
Necrophillia: That uncontrollable urge to crack open a cold one.
There was a pregnant silence, followed by a lot of little silences.
Yes my son, long ago mail was read 1 packet at a time.
Why don't you brush your teeth with a teethbrush?
Muller Light condoms -so much pleasure, but where's the pain.
When in danger, When in doubt, Run in circles, Scream and shout.
Virtual Christian Center - Funny Pages - Did You Ever Wonder?
If I have to work for an idiot, I might as well work for myself.
Windows: Will install needless data on whole system.
WinErr: 01D System crash - We are unable to figure out our own code.
Behind every successful man - a surprised mother-in-law.
If at first you don't succeed, see if the loser gets anything.
If you are cross-eyed and have dsylexia, can you read all right?
There's Klingons on the starboard side...SCRAPE 'EM OFF, JIM!
Granny: Why on earth do you want me to do that?.
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
He who hesitates is several miles from the next exit.
There is a thin line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot.
Maddness takes its toll. Please have your monkey ready.
It's more fun to ride in a luge if you keep your fingers inside.
Death is not a period but a comma in the story of life.
Aiming for the least common denominator sometimes causes division by zero.
It might look like I'm doing nothing, but at the cellular level I'm actually quite busy.
Most of us go to our grave with our music still inside of us.
I'll never forget the 1st time I ran Windows, but I'm trying ...
First rule of intelligent tinkering - save all the parts.
Smile and the world smiles with you. Frown and you get credit for thinking.
Copyright  2002 by [SILICONHELL.COM]. All rights reserved.
Wellhung: Hello, Sweetheart. What do you look like?
When dogs leap onto your bed, it's because they adore being with you.
If the universe is expanding, why can't I find a parking space?
Treiman's Theorem: Impossible things don't usually happen.
If you saw your ex-wife and her lawyer drowning in a swimming pool, would you...
If it's tourist season, where do I get a license?
Never make a big show of brushing the cat fur from your slacks.
Putting a smile on your face every day of the year!
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
Life is an open door. It can be closed at any time, so don't complain about the draft.
Those who do not learn from History ... get an F.
HEARSAY: what toddlers do when anyone mutters a dirty word.
Have you ever seen a man get on a bus ahead of one?
If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?
My typing is improving. I can now make 20 mistakes a minute.
He said ... I don't know kid .... there are so many places they can hide.
Corollary - If there is only one way to spell a name, you will spell it wrong anyway.
You don't have to blow out anothers candle to make yours shine bright.
Reality is an illusion that occurs due to the lack of alcohol.
Veni, Vidi, Velcro - I came, I saw, I stuck around.
Someone who wants to keep what the liberals fought for a generation before.
You enjoy hearing about other people's operations.
Ajit: Mona daarrling, tum Toni ke saath ghuumna band kar do, nahin to bahut MonaToni ho jayegee!
Over 90% of the time you spend in front of a computer is for real work.
I have a large sea shell collection which I keep scattered on the beaches all over the world.
What part of my brilliance don't you understand.
Corollary: It will not be in the last place you expect to find it.
Life: The brief interlude between nothingness and eternity.
The floggings shall continue until morale improves.
The bigger your hard disk seems the day you buy it, the faster it will seem to fill up.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.
Many people own cats - and go on to lead normal lives.
A thousand words are worth a picture - and they load faster, too.
Do you collect personally identifiable information on people who simply visit your sites while web-surfing?
After the government takes enough to balance the budget, the taxpayer has the job of budgeting the balance.
His glasses are so thick I bet he can see into the future.
The more specific a title is, the less you will be able to apply it later.
Why can't electric cars cross the country? Extension cords aren't long enough!
You were sent here as a warning to others, weren't you?
Maybe I'm lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction.
Why don't we say why instead of how come?
With a 69 at least you see the cunt creeping up on you.
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.
Being boss doesn't make you right, it only makes you boss.
If enough data is collected, a board of inquiry can prove anything.
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention.
WELLHUNG: I`m having a coughing fit. I`m turning all red.
He who eats too many prunes sits on toilet many moons.
Mother's of teens know why animals eat their young.
SWEETHEART: I`m bending over the bed. Give it to me, baby!
I have an open mind - it's just closed for repairs.
If at first I dont succeed, there is always next year.
Important, call if you do not receive this message.
To study an application best, understand it thoroughly before you start.
Any program will expand to fill available memory.
The enemy never monitors your radio frequency until you broadcast on an unsecured channel.
ZenCrafters: Total enlightenment, in about an hour.
I slit my throat on the cutting edge of technology.
You know the Christmas story would never hold water today.
Good: Your wife's kinky. Bad: With the neighbors. Worse: All of them.
A hospital bed is like a parked taxi with the meter running.
Eating prunes gives you a good run for your money.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.
So the dumb guy went out and came back all bloody and cut up.
Mattel is coming out with a talking Barbie. They say it was easy to get Barbie to talk.
He was deader than a shrunken head at a Hackey Sack festival.
You should see the ones we don't let out in public.
Don't get lost in the shuffle, shuffle along with the lost.
Everything that can be counted doesn't necessarily count; everything that counts can't necessarily be counted.
A cat will assume the shape of the container it is packed into.
To define recursion, we must first define recursion.
What would Geronimo say if he jumped out of an aeroplane?
Ajit: Goli maar do. Hu mar jaane par humor ban ke sab ko hasayenge.
Don't drink and drive you may hit a bump and spill your drink.
A cat will always land in the softest place possible; often the mid-section of an unsuspecting, reclining human.
A chill in the air, a cat on the lap, a mug of chocolate, and a good book. Ah, Paradise!
Hail to the Sun god! He's a real fun god! Ra, Ra, Ra!
There are two kinds of pedestrians - the quick and the dead.
His men would follow him anywhere, but only out of curiosity.
Between 18 and 20 a woman is like Africa, half discovered, half wild, naturally beautiful with fertile deltas.
Change is envitable, except from a snack machine.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
The advantage to being a pessimist is that all your surprises are pleasant.
Some people can put up a front and pretend to be someone they are not. They are called "Emma Taters".
Somebody who knows how to play the trombone, but doesn't.
Don[singlequote]t be irreplaceable; if you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
An uncomplicated horse can be ruined with enough schooling.
Rush: A fresh wind of truth blowing across the landfill of ignorance.
An Italian family was sitting at the dinner table when the father asks his oldest son Tony!
You will only be stopped for speeding off duty when you have forgotten your badge and DL.
I'm looking for true love. But I'll settle for cheap sex.
HELPLINE: You see the 'E' and just to the right is the 'F'.
A belly button is for salt when you eat celery in bed.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
If you'd like your house to be clean, invite someone to dinner.
Don't drive faster than your guardian angel can fly!
Esther - plump with sagging breasts, normally heavily tattooed.
I'm not crazy. I've been in a very bad mood for 30 years.
Mr. Sco*t! G*t th*s* trib*les out*of m* ta*lin* n*w!
Chicago has them, denies copying Apple/Cupertino's round covers.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true.
Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all it's students!
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but she did it backwards and in high heels.
Earth first... we'll mine the other planets later.
Pilgrims may follow but there can only be one Columbus.
A woman's love is a man's privilege, not his right.
Everything the Restaurant, Foodservice Hospitality Industry needs.
Female: A desire to get married and raise a family.
Go ahead and take risks. Just be sure that everything will turn out OK. .
Choose a job you like and you will never have to work a day of your life.
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
Dr. Jones said This is the most exciting piece of excrement I've ever seen.
Views on Philosophy - choose the one closest to you.
You know that the REMFs made resupply and mail-call happen.
Thou shalt not projectile vomit from the top of the refrigerator.
You might be a Desi if, you split the tax from your common grocery bill.
The field that most needs manure is the one farthest from the barn.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
If you can't keep a secret, you don't need to know it.
I always did like climbing trees. Do you think it could be genetic?
If you think health care is expensive now, wait till it's free.
The meek shall inherit the earth. In pine boxes six foot by two foot...
You know how most packages say Open here. What do you do if the package says, Open somewhere else?
Male: Trying not to pick up other women while out with girlfriend.
The aging process could be slowed down if it had to work its way through Congress.
It's mind over matter - it you don't mind, it don't matter.
Just because something's toxic doesn't mean it's not tasty.
It's amazing how mature wisdom resembles being tired.
The older you get, the better you realize you were.
A lottery is a tax on people who don't know statistics.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
If a research project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing well.
How many men does it take to change the toilet paper roll?
Let's convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
And you're on the computer..............That is so sad.
Are subliminal send me money messages effective?
Geraldine - too posh for her own good, likes flying.
Christ did the same thing that God did. What did He do? He resurrected.
What's the most effective birth control device for men.
The Rhett Butler club?..........I don't give a damn.
Having too much month left at the end of the money.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
I'm not littering.... I'm donating to the earth.
If you can see this, you're not blind, which is a very good start.
Don't permit yourself to get between a dog and a lamppost.
Diplomacy (v): Method of letting someone have your way.
I think that the team that wins game five will win the series. Unless we lose game five.
You'll notice that a turtle only makes progress when it sticks out its neck...
If at first you don't succeed, shouldn't you try doing it like your wife told you to?
I still miss Windows, but my aim is getting better.
I looked up my wife's family tree - half the family were still living in it!
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Why is there a TV set in every hospital room if it is so bad for your health?
Hello, I am Sarah's answering machine. What are you.
Visit Our FREE Template Gallery Create Your FREE Web Site!
These cookies don't taste anything like girl scouts!
A great love? Send real roses preserved in 24kt gold!
Pound for pound, the ameoba is the most vicious animal on earth.
Do you know why it takes men so much time to wash their basement windows?
My cat does not fear dogs, they are merely sprint practice tools.
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad; an optimist is hoping they are.
This travelling salesman came to a farm at dusk and asked the farmer if he could spend the night there.
Half full or half empty - who cares! The glass is chipped.
The material is molded plastic. Ancient hominid remains are typically fossilized bone.
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.
Any rigid material cut to fit will be too long. When corrected, it will be too short.
Purranoia: The fear that your cats are up to Something!
You are only young once but anyone can be immature.
Wrote my own communications software in LISP. Got a phone bill for a thousand dollars. My computer keeps calling itself.
What does a man consider a seven course meal? - A hot dog and a six pack of beer.
Five days a week my body is a temple. The other two, it's an amusement park.
A perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 am.
Bad: You can't find your vibrator. Worse: Your daughter "borrowed" it.
Cooperation can only be reached if we work togerther.
This website may not be reproduced, in whole or in part, without the express written consent of the owner.
If you're not part of the solution, be part of the problem!
If he/she says that you are too good for him/her--believe them.
I'm married to my career, although recently we have been considering a trial separation.
How could man have evolved from a species as organized as the apes?
Never bet on a loser because you think his luck is about to change.
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
When the bartender asks if you want a "double", you say not against an ace.
Then I made myself the boss. I gave myself a raise. I paid myself..
It is very good to be important, but it is much more important to be good.
Copied without permission from some other website.
A friend of mine has taken up ballooning. He has ballooned up to 250 lbs.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? Hold on to your nuts. This is no ordinary blow job!
The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle.
Some day my ship will come in, but with my luck, I'll be at the airport.
Always proof-read carefully to see if you any words out.
Chemistry professors never die, they just smell that way!
Why is lemon juice mostly artificial ingredients but dishwashing liquid contains real lemons?
Soon, he began to think about God. "God? Are you really there?" Johnny said out loud.
Brain, n. an apparatus with which we think we think.
Why do banks charge you an 'insufficient funds' fee for money they already know you don't have?
If you can't be kind, at least have the decency to be vague.
A clear conscience is probably the sign of a bad memory.
I can buy the fact that other mythical holiday characters are men.........
You were left unarmed on the home-front after leaving the combat zone.
Why do they put locks on the doors of 24 hour stores?
The dodo died. Then Dodi died, Di died and Dando died... Dido must be shitting herself.
Electricity comes from electrons; therefore, it is reasonable to conclude that morality comes from morons.
The only time to be positive is when you are positive you are wrong.
Ever wonder what the speed of lighting would be if it didn't zigzag?
Ensign Fodder, report to transporter for away team duty.
You finally get it all together, but can't remember where you put it.
The width of backpack straps decreases with the distance hiked. To compensate, the weight of the backpack increases.
Procastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
The meek shall inherit the earth, but not it's mineral rights.
Joke - More and More BUMPER STICKERS - A whole bunch of funny bumper stickers.
How can you make a trombone sound like a french horn?
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
Next time you go to a mind reader try and remember that you are entitled to a substantial discount.
Javascript is needed for this site to function correctly.
Witten's Law: Whenever you cut your fingernails, you will find a need for them an hour later.
The U.S. Government should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans.
DEFINITION: Initialize - Carving your initials on a floppy disk.
And now for the real audibles - the following are all to be pronounced with a vigorous throat clearing Arrrrr!
People who say you can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop.
Why is it that to "stop Windows 95/98", you have to click on "Start"?
If God had wanted me to be thin, He wouldn't have invented dessert.
All warranty and guarantee clauses become void upon payment of the final invoice.
Sincerely believe alcohol to be the elusive 5th food group.
A mild case of mood poisoning, must be something I hate.
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.
Your car insurance goes down and your car payments go up.
A wise man may look ridiculous in the company of fools.
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather... not screaming in terror like his passengers.
There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can't.
Some of us quit looking for work when we find a job.
It's impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
A light year has 1/3 less calories than a regular year.
I used to work in a blanket factory, but it folded.
Crowded lifts smell different to people with restricted growth.
How do you know when a drummer is knocking at your door?
There are two sides to every argument, unless a person is personally involved, in which case there is only one.
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege.
If you believe everything is going well, you probably don't know what's going on.
The indirect cause of the accident was a little guy in a small car with a big mouth.
Eat 1 live toad in the morning, and nothing worse will happen to you for the rest of the day.
I don't blame Congress. If I had $600 billion, I'd be irresponsible too.
The officer replies Well sir, it's Hillary's handwriting.
I've never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is a temporary situation.
Success has a thousand fathers, but failure is an orphan.
The worse the weather, the more you are required to be out in it.
Really stupid people believe they're intelligent.
The wheel is still spinning, but the hamster is dead.
On the sixth day, God created veterinary science to keep the cat healthy and the man broke.
Human things must be known to be loved: but Divine things must be loved to be known.
I was planning to procrastinate, but I put it off.
I Must Be a Proctologist Because I Work With Ass holes!
Character is what you are. Reputation is what people think you are.
Wellhung: I'm taking hold of your blouse and sliding it off slowly.
If you eat the food off someone else's plate, it doesn't count.
If you can't beat them, join them, then beat them.
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead.
He would be out of his depth in a parking lot puddle.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Every time there is processing time required, pray Ohpleaseohpleaseohpleaseohplease, and scream YES !!! when it finishes.
When reviewing the radio frequencies that you just wrote down, the most important ones are always illegible.
Putts-Brooks Law: Adding manpower to a late technology project only makes it later.
Misquotations are the only quotations that are never misquoted.
Sex is a three-letter word which needs some four-letter words to convey its full meaning.
You look like something the cat refused to drag in.
Fordget the Joneses, I keep up with the Simpsons.
Melted fruit snacks on keyboard. Delete children (Y/n)?
History repeats itself.If the shoe fits, wear it.
Never lie unless you have an awfully good memory.
If you are delusional, press 7 and your call will be transferred to the mother ship.
Only one, but he'll break ten bulbs before figuring out that they can't just be pushed in.
No matter how I drop an egg it always seems to to land on someone's head.
You believe that 8 miles a hour is fast enough for anyone to drive.
Success is only a matter of luck; ask any failure.
Why do you ask someone without a watch what time it is?
Computer programmers know how to use their hardware.
The doctor gave me an I.Q. test. I was relieved that the results were negative.
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
Don't listen to what I say; listen to what I mean.
The difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
The meaning of life is not a question to be answered, but an event to be experienced.
No NFL team which plays its home games in a domed stadium has ever won a Superbowl.
Answer: A toaster, because all the others leak when they're fucked.
Your supervisor doesn't have the ability to do your job.
Increasing the ad size and cost increases the percentage of low profit calls you get.
When in doubt, mumble. When asked to clarify, say "Trust me".
Don't be stupid. We have the Religious Right for that.
If I understood machine language could I speak to machines?
Heck was created for those who refuse to believe in Gosh.
In spite of the cost of living, it's still quite popular.
Bach was apparently a gourmet. He is famous for his well-tempered caviar.
At the Special Olympics, do they have reserved parking for nonhandicapped people?
I believe you cooked those green beans too long.
BlondeJokesRiddles-6Pages!
There was once an aspiring veterinarian who put himself through veterinary school working nights as a taxidermist.
Take a Bite out of Crime. It tastes like Chicken.
Washington: Help! We're Overrun By Nerds and Slackers!
Hi, I'm a virus. Add me to your CONFIG.SYS file!
You sure you don't want to consult the great Oprah on this one?
The T Shirts are made with high quality brands, always no seconds.
America is a land where citizens vote for Democrats but hope to live like Republicans.
Our management team are specially trained to assure that you will get all the S.H.I.T. you deserve.
A friend is someone who knows me and likes me anyway.
My whole life passed before my eyes and I wasn't in it.
Never slap a child in the face - there are plenty of other places.
If the word "Arkansas" is pronounced "Arkansaw," why isn't "Kansas" pronounced "Kansaw"?
Michaela - likes animals, should make a video with them.
One little act of kindness is better than feelings of love for all mankind.
Sure you can trust the government-just ask an indian!
Cats must rub against your legs while you're carrying 2 bags of grocieries.
If thine enemy offend thee, give his child a drum.
Don't adjust your mind, the fault is with reality.
Wife: I think he did, I've still got mine with me!
What did the Gujju mean when he said, Ramesh no dikro States ma gayon ?
Her kisses left something to be desired  the rest of her.
This is a collection of one-liners, most of which I've found in e-mail signatures.
Once in his office, he asks the little old lady where she got so much money.
FOR SALE - Iraqi rifle. Never fired. Dropped once.
Veteran, Bermuda Triangle Exploration Team 1995-1955.
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Did you hear that I ran into my ex the other day?..........
We never have to reach down every so often to make sure our privates are still there.
If the world was a logical place, men would ride horse side-saddle.
She was on the freeway and some dick cut her off!!
The Weakest Link: Which Indian leader, whose last name began with"G", took the title Mahatma ?
Drop the guy with the devil ears. -- NBC, June, 1965.
The best way to accelerate a MAC is at 9.8 Meters/sq.Sec!
Decide promptly, but never give any reasones. Your decisions may be right, but your reasons are sure to be wrong.
How do you know honesty is the best policy until you have tried some of the others?
An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.
Why are Chinese fortune cookies written in English?
If I could tell what would happen in the future, I wouldn't show up for it.
If at first you don't succeed, re-define success.
You think the Four Basic Food Groups are Caffeine, Nicotine, Alcohol, and [Women or Men].
Dear IRS: I would like to cancel my subscription. Please remove my name from your mailing list.
Power works best in the hands of those who don't want it.
Teamwork is essential, it lets you blame someone else.
There are times that try men's souls, like after eating at a Mexican restaurant.
Thank you for holding your breath while I smoke.
A lady at work was seen putting a credit card into her floppy drive and pulling it out very quickly.
If you are manic-depressive, it doesn't matter which number you press.
You can pick your nose and pick your friends, but you can't wipe your friends on the couch.
If A=B and B=C, then A=C except where void or prohibited by law.
For people who like peace and quite: a phoneless cord.
Sweet guys open my heart, smart guys open my mind, but only fine guys can open my legs.
Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors.
No president of the United States was an only child.
If banal is pronounced baa-nal, why isn't anal pronounced aaa-nal??
Whatever it's supposed to do, I hope it's done it.
Good students don't cheat--they verify.
I'm not breaking the rules ... I'm just testing their elasticity.
You will realize it's back in season the day that the grocery store runs out.
First, never give up, because it ain't over 'til it's over.
My cat does not barf hairballs, he is a floor/rug redecorator.
After eating an entire bull, a mountain lion felt so good he started roaring.
A neutron walks into a bar. I'd like a beer he says. The bartender promptly serves up a beer.
There is a "UNIBANGER" on the loose in the White House.
Men's desire for sex sometimes results in intimacy.
Good: The teacher likes your son. Bad: Sexually. Worse: He's gay.
It was quite an experience the 1st time I tasted toothpaste.
In all emotional conflicts, the thing you find hardest to do is the thing you should do.
Computers are like air-conditioners: both stop working, if you open windows.
You save your old Coke bottle glasses even though you're never going to use them again.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
I need not suffer in silence when I can still moan, whimper, and complain.
Where are we going? And what's with this hand basket?
If people learn from their mistakes, many are getting a fantastic education.
Solution to two of the world's problems: Feed the homeless to the hungry.
Time is the best teacher, but it kills all its students.
I passed my ethics course. I cheated, of course.
You might think that I will cut you down, but I shall let you hang.
I sometimes feel alone and insignificant, especially when people turn out the lights while I'm still in the bathroom.
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband.
Two blondes were walking in the woods. One said, "Oh look! deer tracks!
Make a small ritual sacrifice to the computer before you turn it on.
Did you know the word gullible is not in the dictionary?
Sweetheart: I'm pulling up your shirt and kissing your chest.
If 75% of all accidents happen within 5 miles of home, why not move 10 miles away?
There is no such thing as slow business. Only slow people.
If you didn't vote, don't complain about who's in or who's out.
I want to die peacefully, in my sleep, like my grandfather, not screaming and terrified, like his passengers.
When both sides are convinced they're about to lose, they're both right.
Warning: dates on calendar are closer than they appear.
And now I'm walking back to the bedroom. Wait, it's dark, I'm lost.
What is the useless bit of skin on the end of a penis called?
Telling the boss what a good worker you are is worth 1%..showing him is worth 96%.
I never spit in your drink, why do you smoke in my air?
Deja Fu: The feeling that somehow, somewhere, you've been kicked in the head like this before.
RWAP is part of the TruthMedia Network (www.truthmedia.com).
A cat's purr: Most effective stress medicine known.
H: ghumsu, pharsu, khavsu,peevsu, aaish karsu. beeju su?
Give instruction to a wise man and he will be yet wiser.
Have a look at some of these "not so politically correct" bumper stickers!
God invented Women because he wanted a good laugh.
April 1st. The day we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four.
Wellhung: I'm screaming like a woman. Your hands are cold! Yeeee!
You were just getting used to yesterday, then along came today.
By the time I have money to burn my fire will be out.
B.) Every Barbie and GI Joe doll including accessories, and the original boxes you painstakingly packed away in the attic.
Epistemology: Take a position for or against truth. Prove the validity of your stand.
I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 96% how I react to it.
Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.
Its lonely at the top...what? Like its one big party at the bottom!
Only in America, could a letter offering a million dollar prize be considered junk mail.
If it ain't broke yet, let me have a shot at it.
Skeleton: a bunch of bones with the person scraped off.
Guys --- No Shirt, No Service; Gals --- No Shirt, No Charge.
Men know never to run away from a fight that you know you can win.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? He didn't have the guts!
Everyday I beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days I've stayed alive.
You can not lift another soul unless you are standing on higher ground than he is.
You are not Superman, but sometimes thinking you are will save you ass!
Last night I blasted a blank tape at full volume. The mime next door went nuts.
The twins developed measles when his boss and his wife were over for dinner.
Practice random acts of kindness senseless acts of beauty.
Radio 2: In 1863, which American President gave the Gettysburg Address ?
I must hurry, for there they go and I am their leader.
Anything that doesn't eat you today is saving you for tomorrow.
Experience, the name given by men to their mistakes.
We secretly replaced the dilithium crystals with Folgers crystals...
You thought urban renewal was an operational objective.
I have no axe to grind, but I have an ivory letter opener that could use some sharpening.
My wife said I never listen to her. At least I think that's what she said.
If there is light at the end of the tunnel...order more tunnel.
Dr. Kevorkian expects full payment before your visit.
If your child is an Honor Student why then are you such a Stupid Idiot!
Played poker with Tarot cards. Got a flush. 5 people died.
If 'success' consisted simply of not taking chances, then 'glory' would be at the disposal of the most mediocre talent.
If you can't sleep, don't count sheep. Talk to the Shepherd.
All generalizations are false/All generalizations are false, including this one.
Be nice to your kids - they choose your nursing home.
This class was a religious experience for me ... I had to take it all on faith.
That damned pink elephant followed me home again.
Are you aware that you spend 26.8% more time discussing your feces than your children?
What's the definition of difficult? Pushing butter up a porcupine's arse with a hot needle.
Misers aren't much fun to live with, but they make great ancestors.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
If you can stay calm, while all around you is chaos... then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
Not pleased with the reply, he seeks out a Rabbi.
Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
You realize that a stamp costs more than movie(picture show) did when you were a kid.
Some people manage by the book, even they don't know who wrote the book, or even what book.
Middle age is when broadness of mind and narrowness of the waist change.
To err is human. To really screw it up takes a computer!
If you improve or tinker with something long enough, eventually it will break or malfunction.
A cat will move in a straight line, unless there is a really good reason to change direction.
Ever stop to think and then forget to start again?
There's no such thing as a sucking chest wound, all chest wounds suck.
Never put off the work until tomorrow - what you can put off today!
If I had two dead mousies, I'd give you one. Really.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm.
Instead of putting others in their place put yourself in their place.
The only thing wrong with Baptists is that they don't hold them down for long enough!
He's so conceited he walks down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
Idea Hamsters - People who always seem to have their idea generators running.
Every weekday we will mail out the laugh from that day and send it directly to you.
JOKES - Bumper Stickers - also has jokes, music, food, sports, downloads, travel, chat and games!!
Don't hate yourself in the morning - sleep till noon!
Witches use brooms because nature abhors a vacuum.
We have nothing to fear but fear itself. That's enough.
If debugging is the art of removing bugs, then programming must be the art of putting them in.
The one course you must take to graduate will not be offered during you last semester.
Recovery Room..................Place to do upholstery.
Again, no movement or words from the old man. He continued to stare at the ceiling.
Personality: Casual, low maintenance; down to earth.
A man was complaining to his doctor about his stomach pains.
He's in a minimum-security prison now; he's on a whiffle-ball and chain.
No age is good to get married at. You got to be a fool to get married.
Your Yin and Yang are no longer on speaking terms.
FULL NAME: what you call your child when you're mad at him.
You could be 13, but hey, you are going to be 16.
I'm a right-wing, Republican, conservative Christian who thinks the spotted owl tastes like chicken.
Error: An unspecified error has occurred. Please correct the error to continue.
MONEY TALKS ... but all mine ever says is GOODBYE!
Invisible Systems, Inc. If you don't see it, we made it.
If the cops arrest a mime do they tell her she has she right to remain silent?
I'm going to start thinking positive, but I know it won't work.
God didn't promise us it would be easy or painless; He just promised us it would be worth it!
Have you noticed since everyone has a camcorder these days no one talks about seeing UFOs like they used to.
Why did God's chosen children wander in the desert for forty years?
Don't knock on Death's door. Ring his doorbell and run. He hates that.
If a cow laughed real hard, would milk come out her nose?
You wash your rice at least 2-3 times before cooking it.
IN A SWISS MOUNTAIN INN: Special today - No ice cream.
Give him a penny for him thoughts, you'll get change.
A photograph is often looked at. It is seldom looked into.
I always liked working with the Priests that drank the wine during mass. They were the easiest to work with.
What would it take to get the Beatles back together?
If the world is spinning so quickly why don't we all get dizzy?
Fade for advertisement playing the ominous horns - drink!
The best way to advance is to help the person above you to advance.
The 4 Food Groups: Coffee, Ice Cream, Beer, and Pizza.
She told someone to meet her at the corner of WALK and DON'T WALK.
Yeager's Law: Washing machines break down only during the wash cycle.
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of FUN?
Are ya daft man? The modem canna take this speed!
I have a problem with authority. I AM the authority!
Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor.
Trust only those who stand to lose as much as you if things go wrong.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ease with which you can reach it.
People who don't know how to fix their computer after they've just pressed a key that broke it.
He had to have a huge black-head removed from his dick.
I'm not sensitive or childish enough to be politically correct.
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
Warning: This person reads fantasy and is an avid denier of reality.
By the foruth year, peopl wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing th by z and w by v.
If you look like the photo on your driver's license, you aren't well enough to drive.
To err is human- to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Programmers are a BIT smarter than the average user.
I'm not completely useless... I can be used to set a bad example.
Wellhung: How did you do that? I'm picking up the bra and inspecting the clasp.
You might be a Desi if, the lawyer handling your green card is in your speed dial.
What's the difference between men and government bonds? Bonds mature.
Don't use a Jamaican accent while playing Caribbean poker.
Interested in reading the latest articles we have available?
Let me know if this message doesn't get through to you.
How many (________) does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
The secret to success is knowing who to blame for your failures.
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have.
If there is a tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
Don't play with your food, especially after you've already eaten it.
Jackson denies this as he says he was stuck in Brooklyn at the time...
Baseball wrongman with four balls cannot walk.
The two German men have a strict weekly schedule of alternating visits with the German woman.
When the cat's away there are fewer hairs on the armchair.
SWEETHEART: I`m pulling up my miniskirt. Take off my panties.
Every year more than 2500 left handed people are killed from using right handed products.
BRIDGE PLAYERS don't need a partner, if they have a good hand.
Sure, it's clean laundry. The cat's sitting on it, isn't he?
Mathematicians never die, they just reach their limit.
He spends at least an 100 to run around telling his friends about it.
Due to a mixup in Urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.
The best blood at times gets into fools and mosquitoes.
It's not a STOLEN tagline - just 'previously viewed'.
God thought he eliminated evil in one of the earlier revisions.
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too.
You lay 'em once and walk all over them the rest of your life.
Hi! Please stand by while this program enlarges your penis...........................ERROR: Your penis was not found! Sorry..............
When he returns home, he finds that the space has been taken by some other car. He is, well, upset.
After a considerable time he appeared disheveled, bloody, and badly beaten up.
I stand here before you to look behind you to tell you of something I know nothing about.
It doesn't matter how often a married man changes his job, he still ends up with the same boss.
Meddle not in the affairs of witches, for... ribbit? ribbit?
When the People lead, the "Leaders" will follow.
You will lose the little toothpick in your Swiss Army knife as soon as you open the box.
Answer: Because it scares the hell out of the dog!
Some cause happiness wherever they go; Others whenever they go.
Heredity is the thing a child gets from the other side of the family.
The trouble with traffic is that too many people with one cylinder brains drive 8-cylinder cars.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
Just then the graveyard's caretaker ambles up to the group.
True or false...a pea can last as long as 5,000 years.
Old poets never die, they just ride off into the sonnet.
Before you can break out of prison, you must realize that you are locked up.
The biggest difference between men and boys is the price of their toys.
Familiarity may indeed breed contempt, but let's not forget children either.
The web isn't better than sex, but sliced bread is in serious trouble.
When I plead "mercy," people think I'm a French masochist.
A failure is not the final outcome, nor is a success.
What's the definition of agony? A Corgi walking up some stairs with a hard-on.
She died before the ambulance arrived because she couldn't find the "11" button in "911".
My wife and I are incompatible. I lost my income and she lost her patability.
Matt - the fat boy of the class, likes sweets and is full of shit.
It is easier to make a commitment or get involved in something than to get out of it.
Your portable radio will never fail until you are involved in a foot pursuit.
How come pizza gets to your house faster than the police?
Do not walk beside me, either; just leave me the heck alone.
Flashlight: A nice case for holding dead batteries.
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
An attractive young girl, chaperoned by her very elderly aunt, entered the doctor's office.
Genuine Excerpts from Letters Sent to Landlords...
When you see a snake, never mind where he came from.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
You dated one of your parents' current spouses in high school.
I have a microwave fireplace. I can lay in front of the fire for the evening in 8 minutes.
A wino asked me for change... I gave him my shirt.
You have more friends on the Internet than in real life.
When the going gets tough, the tough get duct tape.
A screenplay of mine (a thriller about cloning gone wrong) which didn't make it: Science of the Lambs.
Propane/butane tanks that are full when they are packed, will unexplainably empty themselves before you can reach the campsite.
Search all of the Winning Words for a specific quote or author.
Hubbard's Law: Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.
Regardless of the size of the program, you won't have enough hard disk space to install it.
Pizza Man: And where would you like them delivered?
SWEETHEART: Now I`m putting on my shoes. I'm leavin'.
If you haven't much education you must use your brain.
You'll get what's coming to you. Unless it's mailed.
I have just been through the annual pilgrimage of torture and humiliation known as buying a bathing suit.
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
Cluttered desk = cluttered mind / empty desk = empty ______?
Don't think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm.
They've found something that does the work of 5 men .... 1 woman.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
I'm proud of paying taxes. The only thing is --- I could be just as proud for half the money.
Replaceable parts will only become available after an important deadline has passed.
Reality is useful. It occupies time between fantasies.
How did the fool and his money get together in the first place?
The government has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof.
Wanted. Man to take care of cow that does not smoke or drink.
Any smoothly functioning technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
If a mute child swears, does his mother make him wash his hands with soap?
I carry a .357 Three nights a week... You guess which three!
Some women get excited about nothing and then marry him.
They are always in hot water, they lack taste, and they need dough.
If you think sex is a pain in the ass, you're doing it wrong.
Do you personally have any difficulty making decisions? Well, yes and no.
One good thing about being wrong is the joy it brings to others.
Books, conferences, and other information about...
Even though this is a stupid bumper sticker, you're squinting to read it.
Wait a minute - I get it. What time of the month is it?
Recent submmissions will be recognised in the next update.
Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy.
You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think.
Smokers. Save on matches and lighters, by simply lighting your next fag from the butt of your last one.
Yes as a matter of fact I DO own the whole damn road!
You'll never know until you ask the right source.
I hate to be the one to defy sacred myth, but I believe he's a she.
Don't use a big word when a diminutive one will suffice.
You never "find" time, but you can always "make" it.
Reason to smile: Every 7 minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls a hamstring.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class.
Law of the Perversity of Nature: You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
NATURAL Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed. Women somehow deteriorate during the night.
If the universe is always expanding, why can't I ever find a parking space.
Better to look like a fool than to open your mouth and prove it.
If you try to please everybody, nobody will like it.
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurtling down the highway.
The probability of a given event occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.
When I gave her the ring, she gave me the finger.
Women cannot use a map without turning the map to correspond to the direction that they are heading.
Ask me about microwaving cats for fun and for profit.
The less things change the more they remain the same.
The way to get things done is not to care who gets the honour.
High explosives are applicable where truth and logic fail.
If you think talk is cheap, try hiring a lawyer.
Why when you throw up does it go everywhere but in the toilet?
What was the greatest thing before sliced bread?
Seems the liquor store window was made of Plexi-Glass. The whole event was caught on videotape. Oh, that smarts.
My only domestic quality is that I have a house.
You may shut your doors against a thief but not against a liar.
CLIQUE: A group of insiders who greet outsiders with their backsides; a closed circle of asses.
Two things are sure in life: There is a God, and you are not him.
BadPuns.com was launched in May 2000, and is a free humor site focusing on puns and word play.
Ive got smaller fat disc jockeys orbiting around me.
Beauty Parlor: a place where women curl up and dye.
Is there a lawyer is the house? -=}BLAM{=- Any more?
To ask is a moment's shame. Not to ask and remain ignorant is a lifelong shame.
The instructor's study hall be the largest in several years.
The more you cut your price to get business, the more likely you are to go out of business.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work, I want to achieve it by not dying.
Horngren's Observation: Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
The artist said he enjoyed time with his mistress, because of the passion and mystery he found there.
Bumper sticker:  Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Don't let your mind wander. It's too little to be let out alone.
Copyright 2004 Smart Information Worldwide, Inc. Sulekha.com. All Rights Reserved.
Between 41 and 50 she is like Yugoslavia, lost the war - haunted by past mistakes. Massive reconstruction is now necessary.
And our character will determine our eternal destiny.
Don't limit your challenges - challenge your limits.
If two things are required to make something work, they will never be shipped together.
The spot you are scrubbning is always on the other side.
My wife loves to shop at Bloomingdale's. I bring her mail there twice a week.
You call your answering service and they tell you it's none of your business.
The legibility of the signature is inversely proportional to the importance of the artist.
Always try to stop talking before people stop listening.
DON'T tick ME OFF! I'M RUNNING OUT OF PLACES TO HIDE THE bodies.
What is the probability that the automatic cell doors will open on their own as of 00:01, 01/01/2000?
How can they tell that twin lobsters are really twins?
I'm a corporate executive -- I keep things from happening.
Whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
Successful people always do more than they are expected to.
Beer Math - 2 beers times 37 men equals 49 cases.
The quantity of consonants in the English language is constant.
Copyright 1995-2004 WebWombat Pty Ltd. All rights reserved.
Your mother is so poor, I saw her walking down the street with one shoe.
I put hardwood floors on top of wall-to-wall carpet.
A snooze button is a poor substitute for no alarm clock at all.
An adolescent is a person who acts like a baby when they aren't treated like an adult.
Murphy's Law only fails when you try to demonstrate it.
In the beginning, God created the bit. And the bit was a zero; nothing.
And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
Flintstones Vitamins Condom Pack: Ten million strong and growing.
Why is there no egg in egg plant and no ham in hamburger?
Go to work in your underwear and the dream will go away.
There weren't things like radar, credit cards, laser beams or ballpoint pens.
Millihelen: amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
Instead, ring the bell and run. Death hates that...
Do not clog intellect's sluices with knowledge of questionable uses.
God can mend a broken heart but he must have all the pieces.
All those who believe in psychokenesis ....raise my hand!
Anyone who thinks talk is cheap never argued with a traffic cop.
FIGHT BACK! Fill out your tax forms with Roman numerals.
Don't ever be the first, don't ever be the last and don't ever volunteer to do anything.
Parenthetical remarks (however relevant) are unnecessary.
REPRESENTATIVE DEMOCRACY: You have two cows. Your neighbors pick someone to tell you who gets the milk.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep. Wake him.
I just got out of the hospital. I was in a speed reading accident. I hit a book mark.
Speaking of spelling, here's a news bulletin ........
If puns are outlawed, only outlaws will have puns!
The enemy diversion you're ignoring is their main attack.
I'm not having hot flashes, I'm having power surges!
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges?
A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
Mid-life brings the wisdom that life throws you curves...and that you're now sitting on your biggest ones.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long?
Half of all Professors graduated in the bottom half of their class.
Women will make three right-hand turns to avoid making one left-hand turn.
You're just jealous because the voices only talk to me.
Student: Sir, I really must insist. I request and require that you bring me Cakes and Ale.
Did you know that cigarette smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics?
Money isn't everything...usually it isn't even enough...
Ingrid - right wing Nazi tendencies, never smiles.
Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening.
Standing there making a sitting target of himself.
Phone rates: Pay an arm and a leg to use an ear and a mouth.
People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
Jake screamed and started walking back to the locker rooms. He was pissed.
Sorry I got lost in thought. It was unfamilar territory.
I'd love to but I have to recharge my flame-thrower.
Time is supposed to keep everything from happening at once -- it's not working.
We don't use laboratory animals to test our products - we use our employees!
The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.
The metallic years: Silver hair, gold teeth and a lead butt.
Day 172: New schedule: We now expect delivery in three months.
Those with the best advice usually offer no advice.
How did the guy who invented cottage cheese know when it was done?
It is filled with what is easy to get but gives great comfort.
The only good thing to come out of Scotland.....Is the road to England.
They're fun to watch, but don't believe everything you hear.
Having an ice cold pussy makes you Hillary Clinton.
In the race for quality, there is no finish line.
Two days later, the man went back. The headstone read, LORD, SHE WERE THIN.
I just received my degree in Calcium Anthropology ... the study of milkmen.
The most dangerous thing in the world is a Second Lieutenant with a map and a compass.
I know that you're nobody's fool, but maybe someone will adopt you.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do 'practice'?
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it.
How come Superman could stop bullets with his chest, but always ducked when someone threw a gun at him?
IN A BANGKOK DRY CLEANERS: Drop your trousers here for best results.
What do you call a woman that works like a man??
That was the development phase of the project, now we are in the maintenance phase.
If god is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Floppy not responding. Format hard drive instead?
SEVERE MENTAL ERROR: low level brain format recommended (Y/N)?
Veni Vidi Visa: I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
You can type 70 words per minute but you can't read your own handwriting.
In Florida: When I get old I'll move up north and drive slow.
It's not whether you win or lose ... it's how you place the blame.
Accordion, n. An instrument in harmony with the sentiments of an assassin.
Women who think they are equal to men lack ambition.
Poverty: Having too much month left at the end of the money.
How hot is it? It's so hot that we had to build fires just to cool off.
Some people say that I'm superficial, but that's just on the surface.
Multitasking: The ability to screw up several things at once.
Don[singlequote]t blame me; nobody asked my opinion.
It is not the speaker who controls communication, but the listener.
Turf wars, office politics, backstabbing - I knew I'd love this job!
People from the past can give us pointers for the present.
If we're born again, does that mean we get two belly buttons?
No word in the English language rhymes with month.
Ajit: Rawbert, isey thodi shampane pila do, paheley shame sey, phir pane sey mar jayegaa kameena.
Any student who changes the course of history is probably writing an exam.
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus ? He stole the show !
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
You know it's a bad day when your blind date is your ex-wife.
If life gives you lemons, I say stick 'em down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger.
I drive way too fast to worry about my cholesteral level.
Unqualified superlatives are the worst superlatives of all.
When everything is said and done, more is usually said than done.
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.
Eeney-meeney, chili-beanie, the spirits are about to speak.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly. I said I don't know.
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
We blame fate for other accidents, but we feel personally responsible when we make a hole in one.
Pointing towards the young woman, the cop says: And her, what is she doing?
MiscellaneousHumor-2Pages!
Carina - looks like the back of a bus, doesn't swallow.
If life begins at 40, what are you supposed to do until then?
Confucius say...Passionate kiss, like spider web, lead to undoing of fly.
What goes up has probably been doused with petrol.
Reality is for people who can't handle Star Trek.
If people listened to themselves more often, they would talk less.
Did you hear about the blonde who went to a nudist camp for a game of strip poker?
Work harder! Millions of people on welfare depend on you!
You can't put a price tag on love but you can on all its accessories.
Mary had a little lamb....and Mulder was determined to find out why.
I didn't claw my way to the top of the food chain to eat vegetables.
Moments when saying nothing might have worked out better...
ERROR 23AF: Sector not found; Search behind couch?
The best way to overcome temptation is to avoid the tempting situation.
That's the key. You get into your teens, now they can't hold you back.
Men know how to change the toilet paper, but to do so would ruin the game.
Kurt Cobain Soft Drink: it's extremely bitter and it has no head.
Girl wanted to assist magician in cutting-off-head illusion. Blue Cross and salary.
Hurewitz's Memory Principle: The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to...to... uh...
It is OK to let your mind go blank, but please turn off the sound.
Ghoughtteightteau - What does it spell? - - - - - - - - - - - Potato.
Top 30 things You will never Hear An Alberta Boy Say.....
Vows to put an end to the war in Pokemon and free the Pikachu refugees once and for all.
If 7-11's are open 24hours a day, 365 days a year, why are there locks on the doors?
Anyone who can walk to the welfare office can walk to work.
Secret Condoms: Strong enough for a man, but pH balanced for a woman.
Religion is for those who fear hell, Spirituality is for those who have been there...
I like to go to art museums and name the untitled paintings . . . Boy With Pail . . . Kitten On Fire.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
How Many Roads Must A Man Travel Before He Admits He is lost?
Howard - likes small-breasted women and pornography.
What does it mean when the flag at the Post Office is flying at half mast? They're hiring.
What do the letters D.N.A. stand for? National Dyslexics Association.
Murphy's Law fails only when you try to demonstrate it.
Rush Limbaugh makes moderates seem like leftists.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
Sign on a plumber's shop: A royal flush beats a full house every time.
How many people does it take to change a searchlight bulb?
Avoid arguments with the missus about lifting the loo seat by simply pissing in the sink.
So you think you can love me and leave me no drives?
When sign makers go on strike, is anything written on their picket signs?
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.
This message smiley captioned for the humor impaired.
Here are some facts of life that sometimes you just have to ask--WHY?
Why did the girl fall off the swing? Because she had no arms!
Was it a rich or a smart person who said: "Money can't buy happiness."?
He couldn't get any because he couldn't throw his dog high enough.
It is a sin peculiar to people to hate their victims.
Between 51 and 60, she is like Russia, very wide and borders are unpatrolled. The frigid climate keeps people away.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
It takes money to make money because you have to copy the design exactly.
Dial Condoms: Aren't you glad you use it? Don't you wish everybody did?
People who don't vote have no line of credit with people who are elected.
I'm So Miserable Without You, It's Like Having You Here.
Yea, right, when...oink, flap, oink, flap...well I'll be...
You know that a military tattoo is more than just skin art.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
If horrific means horrible, does terrific mean terrible?
You can get more with kind words and a 2 by 4 then you can get with kind words alone.
Proud parent of the inmate of the month at the Chino corectional facility.
Short cut ... The longest distance between two points.
Hammer - In ancient times a hammer was used to inflict pain on ones enemies.
A topologist is a man who doesn't know the difference between a coffee cup and a doughnut.
Little boy: Mummy told me that when you croaked, we'd get all your money.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
Windows 95: The first program, having its best-before-date include in its name.
History teaches us that we learn nothing from history.
I rather lose a second in my life, than my life in a second.
A lady is one who only shows her underwear intentionally.
Your weapon was made on an assembly line by the same type of people who made your car.
Cap'n Tim, I gotta go to the bathroom-where is the poop deck?
Why doesn't DOS ever say "Excellent command or filename"?
A liberal's generosity is limited only by your income.
I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
Have you ever wondered what Claudia Schiffer would be called if she married Brains out of the Thunderbirds...?
We can't keep Satan from coming down the street, but we can keep him out of our house.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
THE TWO-COW EXPLANATION OF WHAT MAKES....
It's not real bright, but it's cheap, and spreads easy.
Sign at a New England church: Will the last person to leave please see that the perpetual light is extinguished?
No more was said about the statue, not even later that night when they went to sleep.
Find out about your favourite Celebraties  Models.
Garmites: Clothing that fits well in the store but shrinks on the way home.
The world is a dangerous place; only yesterday I went into Boots and punched someone in the face.
We speak at a podium. On the other side of the world, they speak at an antipodium.
According to the latest surveys, when making love, most married men fantasize that their wives aren't fantasizing.
What ever the customer has told you to prepare for the service call will be wrong.
Excuse me, I didn't recognize you with all your clothes on!
Grandparents: the people who think your children are wonderful even though they're sure you're not raising them right.
Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from your friend's forehead.
My Wife Says I Never Listen, Or Something Like That...
I'd rather do something and fail than do nothing and succeed!
How many male chauvinist pigs does it take to change a lightbulb?
Don't be irreplaceable; if you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
You can die with serenity if you live for eternity.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you!
During evolution his ancestors were in the control group.
Peer's Law: The solution to the problem only changes the problem.
When you work here, you can name your own salary. I named mine "Louie".
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.
I've been looking for a sign like this for a long time: Unauthorized Vehicles Only.
They say give your money to God, but they give you THEIR address.
In an attempt to kill a fly I drove into a telephone pole.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters away from a kick in the ass.
I Don't Know Whether To Kill Myself Or Go Bowling.
Using yesterday's technology to solve today's problems, tomorrow.
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect to be paid back.
You can send someone to college, but you can't make him think.
If a vegetarian eats only vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat?
On a bicycle, no matter which way you wish to go, it's uphill and against the wind.
Pastor, we'd like to send you to this Bible seminar in the Bahamas.
Women will drive miles out of their way to avoid the possibility of getting lost using a shortcut.
If you start thinking you're a person of influence, try ordering somebody else's dog around.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but if the doctor's cute then forget the fruit!
Parents are like diapers. They stick to your butt and are full of shit.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
Dinos got stressed out and laid eggs with thin shells. The shells broke.
If the code and the comments disagree, both are probably wrong.
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.
There is intelligent life on Earth, but I'm just visiting.
Did you know that Nolan Ryan has pitched more baseballs than you can shake a stick at?
I hear they're going to make a biographical film about Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams.
If you're living on the edge, be sure to buckle your seatbelt.
Put it out of your mind. In no time, it will be a forgotten memory.
Everything on your face stays its original colour.
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
A friend of mine is kind of a combination Bambi and Ghandi, a Mahatma Bambi.
Why are builders afraid to have a 13th floor but book publishers aren't afraid to have a Chapter 11?
Have you ever had deja vu? Have you ever had deja vu?
What is right is often forgotten by what is convenient.
You email your buddy who works at the desk next to you.
Hiroshima..45........Chernobyl..86........Windows..98....
Management communicates, you listen, figure out what they want and do it.
Never trust the arithmetic of a man who must take off his shoes to count to twenty.
There is an exception to every rule, except this one.
Pull out a pencil. Start writing on the screen. Complain that the lead doesn't work.
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
There are 3 kinds of people in life: Those who can count and those who can't.
Life would be so much easier if everyone read the manual.
You would rather go to work than stay home sick.
When cats leap onto your bed, it's because they adore your bed.
Win some, lose some. Great - when do I start winning.
I'm too busy to insult you, but your humiliation is important. Please hold.
Not liking a person does not preclude having great sex with them.
A wise man learns from his mistakes. A wiser man learns from others' mistakes.
One Italian man killed the other Italian man for the Italian woman.
I got a gun for my wife ..... best trade I ever made.
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
You are nobody until you have been ignored by a cat.
Hiking in the woods, without bringing food, is no picnic.
But then you turn 30. Oooohh, what happened there?
When you get what you want you don't want it as much.
G.I. Series...........World Series of military baseball.
Good: Your uncle leaves you a fortune. Bad: It's counterfeit.
There are few problems that can't be solved with high explosives.
Curiosity killed the cat, but for a while I was the suspect.
Some Of The Best Excuses If You Are Caught Sleeping At Your Desk.
Bad: Your husband's a crossdresser. Worse: He looks better than you.
Thought this was gonna be one of those "inspirational" ones, didn't you?
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.
One liners jokes are funny one liners about short jokes, deep thoughts, and more!
Bacon and eggs: A day's work for the chicken...a life-time investment for the pig.
Just fill out one simple form to win an IRS Audit!
Beware of tiny, swarthy, balding, one-eyed telemarketers. They're selling something.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
My cat is not a dope addict, she is catnip appreciative.
Retirement: twice as much husband, half as much money.
When they pull the steps away, the plane starts rocking.
Have you heard of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle? I'm not sure...
Why is there no egg in eggplant nor ham in hamburger. Ever find an apple or pine in a pineapple?
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
Women refused to be dictated to so they went out and became stenographers.
Eighty percent of married men cheat in America. The rest cheat in Europe.
When you open a bag of cotton balls, do you throw the top one away?
Laws are like sausages, it is better to not see them made.
Everything is always okay in the end, if it's not okay, then it's not the end.
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
I think that I'm the friendliest guy in my zipcode.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
Life: What happens while your making other plans.
Sex is hereditary. If your parents never had it, chances are you won't either.
If you make a mistake you right it immediately to the best of your ability.
Remember the difference between concealment and cover.
ACTION: Turn glass other way up so that open end points toward ceiling.
How many (hereditary) witches does it take to change a light bulb?
Cheerfulness is contagious, but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.
The school of hard knocks educates criminals as well as businessmen.
To live forever, acquire a chronic disease and take care of it.
Brett - worldwide slut and really insensitive, women love him.
Unbreakable toys are good for breaking other toys.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
In Chinese, why are the words for crisis and opportunity the same?
If there is a worse time for something to go wrong, it will happen then.
Faster cars, colder beer, younger women, more money!
Canadian reply: Recommend you divert YOUR course 15 degrees to the south to avoid a collision.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean you're not being followed.
They can send me to college, but they can't make me think!
Why do they call it research, when looking for something new?
File not found LIFE.DRV, life halted.
Heard on Noahs' ark: Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
One advantage of getting older is that there are more younger women all the time.
It was the best of lines, it was the worst of lines.
If men are from Mars, then why can't we send them back?
I am here early today, but I'll be back again late tonight to probably.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
It all looks the same if you're not the lead dog.
Like many such freshman courses, it was designed to weed out new students, having over 700 students in the class!
I want to die in my sleep like my Grandfather did, not kicking and screaming like his passengers.
If ever you should need my life, come and take it.
Question: How do you tell the difference between an introverted and an extroverted engineer.
Feeling a little pernicious, she knelt down beside the little girl and began a conversation.
Confucius say...Boy who go to sleep with stiff problem wake up with solution in hand.
Student: Sir, I request that you bring me Cakes and Ale.
Don't steal! The government hates the competition.
WinErr: 005 Multitasking attempted - System confused.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
BOOKCASE: A piece of furniture used in America to house bowling trophies and Elvis collectibles.
Money can't buy happiness -- but somehow it's more comfortable to cry in a Porsche than in a Lada.
Il DOS 3 aveva tanti difetti. Il DOS 6 ? Il doppio.
Dogs believe they are humans. Cats believe they are God.
I LIKE YOU BUT I WOULDN'T WANT TO SEE YOU WORKING WITH SUB-ATOMIC ARTICLES.
Uniforms only come in two sizes, too small and too large.
The parking lot seems to have moved while you were in the bar.
How do you make your husband wake up with a smile on his face monday morning?
Jewish Page - Daf Yomi Shiurim Around the World - send info.
When You Leave Walk Out Backwards, So I'll Think You're Walking In.
Caution: I have an attitude and I know how to use it.
Don't put your dinner plate on the roulette table.
Harrison's Postulate: For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
To be successful at fishing, you should get there yesterday, when the fish were biting.
Posted on the bulletin board in front of a Buffalo, New York church: ALL NEW SERMONS---NO SUMMER RERUNS.
IrepeatmyselfwhenunderstressIrepeatmyselfwhenunderstressI...
Why do people with closed minds always have their mouths open?
For sale: 1/2 piece of mountain climbing rope - cheap.
When the going gets tough, the tough take a coffee break.
Pepsi and hamburgers were judged the modern equivalent, and the student sat there, writing his examination and happily slurping away.
Fundamental law of the universe. Nothing travels faster than a bouncing check.
The crying baby on board your flight is always seated next to you.
I bought a cured ham. It had a pulled Hamstring.
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
If you cannot get your work done in a 24-hour day, then work nights!
Oliver's law of location: No matter where you go, there you are.
When it's time to go back to childhood, he's already there.
Why do you need a driver's licence to buy alcohol when you can't drink and drive?
There are only 2 choices on the menu: take it or leave it.
Give the anarchists an inch, and the next thing you know, they want to be in charge!
Time may be a great healer, but it's a lousy beautician.
Don't trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and doesn't die.
Forgiveness is like the fragrance a flower gives after it's been stepped on.
Signs that Show Businesses Still have a Sense of Humor ...
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and I'm not one to judge.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
You need one more hole punched in your card to get a freebie at the House of Tattoos.
If a man talks in the forest and there is no woman to hear, is he still wrong?
Do you have a great joke to enter the competition?
An optimist is someone who tells you to cheer up when things are going his way.
Good will is a weapon against which there is no defense.
It's been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
Sarchasm: The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.
Why do they tell us to watch "The Today Show" tomorrow?
How come you don't ever hear about gruntled employees? And who has been dis-ing them anyhow?
Quotation, n. The act of repeating erroneously the words of another.
I was going to suggest a game of "Spot The Retard" but that's too easy at the moment.
My cat is not a "shedding machine", she is a hair relocation stylist.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, then baffle them with bullshit.
Another silly joke brought to you by that little jokester....ME!
Join the Army: travel to exotic distant lands; meet exciting, unusual people and kill them.
She marches out, grabs a beer, and throws it at him.
Time flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Sorry, this is my time to only think happy thoughts like you with laryngitis.
PlanetMike Jokes I.R.S.: We've got what it takes to take what you've got!
What kind of street does a ghost like? A dead end!
Warning, keyboard not found. Press Enter to continue.
I've got a mind like a.. a.. what's that thing called?
If you are hung like a horse, you don't need a Mercedes to pick up chicks.
You can give without loving, but you can't love without giving.
No amount of advance planning will ever replace dumb luck.
Men who have pierced ears are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
Pooh nodded thoughtfully. "It's the same thing," he said.
You will be reincarnated as a toad, and you will be much happier.
This time it is the Seventh Symphony, but like the previous piece, it is being played backward.
Be careful what rut you choose. You may be in it the rest of your life.
Pirate: yearg. The master done gaved me a testin machine with a grand ol CDR.
What do you call a man who has lost 98% of his brain?
The computer equivalent of bumper stickers . . . .
I went to school to become a wit, only got halfway through.
She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but broke it off.
It's just you and me against the world baby and I don't like the odds.
If you don't work enough, you're a good-for-nothing bum.
Well, I was nearly killed three times, fell off a bridge and broke my jaw.  How was your day?
Man who gets hit by a car, gets that run down feeling.
The longer the letter, the less chance of its being read.
To a WWWA trouble consultant, recklessness is a way of life.
The lagging activity in a project will invariably be found in the area where the highest overtime rates lie waiting.
A dandelion from a true love means more than a red rose from a friend.
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.
Dacoits: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
I would stop eating chocolate, but I'm no quitter.
He's so dumb he thinks Cheerios are doughnut seeds!
Nolan's Placebo: An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
The programmer's national anthem is 'AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH'.
Certainly the game is rigged. Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon.
Money is like manure - it is meant to be spread around.
Wellhung: No wait! Now I'm squinting, trying to find the night table.
Procrastination - the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Forwarded from Robert Kissell, Dave Wisneski, and Ronald Poserina, Jr.
Anger is a wind that blows out the lamp of the mind.
The odometer on the dashboard is not as sophisticated as the everyday abacus.
You can't build character  courage by taking away men's initiative  independence.
Mice Krispies - Breakfast food for the healthy cat!
Your insurance company has started sending their free clendars -- a month at a time.
Ask no more and give no less than honesty, courage, loyalty, generosity, and fairness.
The best reason for the right thing today is tomorrow.
The best way to eat the elephant standing in your path is to cut it up into little pieces.
The experience of your DA is inversely proportional to the importance of the case he is prosecuting.
Transcendence differs from avoidance. In avoidance, we ignore, deny or skirt the unwanted experience.
WELLHUNG: I`ve got pubic hairs caught in my throat. I`m choking!
A priest, a paladin and a thief are on a boat on a lake fishing.
One good thing about forgetting is that you can no longer worry about what ever it was you forgot.
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
The world is coming to an end... save your buffers!
The ammo you new "NOW"!! is on the "Next" airdrop!!
Do communion wafers taste better in Corpus Christi, Texas, or in Sacramento, California?
One-Liners sent to us by Matthew Thenell - Thanks Matt!
Mistakes will happen, but don't give them too much help.
If it were truly the thought that counted, more women would be pregnant.
Keep working, millions on welfare are depending on you.
Tigger of Borg: ASSIMMILATING! That's what Tiggers do best!
When in charge, ponder. When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
Only a sadistic scoundrel- or a fool- tells the bald truth on social occasions.
In England there are 60 religions and 3 sauces.....
If your flank march is going well, the enemy expects you to outflank him.
No matter how bleak it looks, there's always a rainbow on the horizon.
I know what Victoria's Secret is! The secret is that nobody older than 30 can fit into her stuff.
Why is it that dogs go to obedience school and kids run wild?
Suicide is away of telling God, You can't fire me I quit!!!!!
I have the body of an eighteen year old. I keep it in the fridge.
What are the six most terrifying words in the English Language?
Swelled heads are nature's way of filling vacuums.
Cats humor us because they know that their ancestors ate ours.
Why is the word abbreviation so long?
You believe the staff room should have a valium salt lick.
Everybody ends up kissing the wrong person goodnight.
I don't care who you are, what you are driving, or where you would rather be.
Men know that there are at least three sides to every story; his, hers, and the truth.
I tried to play my shoehorn, but all I got were footnotes.
I married my wife for her looks... but not the ones she's been giving me lately!
Squint when you approach me, lest you be blinded by my beauty.
I love Jesus. It's his fan club that makes me nervous.
The good thing about small cars is that you can fit twice as many into a traffic jam.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through The Goalposts Of Life.
F1: I just don't understand the attraction golf holds for men.
How can my checking account be overdrawn? I still have checks!
The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall? Dam!
If it were not for Thomas Edison, we would all be watching television in the dark.
You may think you can fool all the people all the time, but you can't fool Mom.
Due to lack of interest, tomorrow has been canceled.
Conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
It crushed me and I died". St Peter said, "That's pretty good".
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Mid-life is when you start to repeat yourself...and your chins follow suit.
She is bewildered over the large selection of toilet paper.
If you can't get your way, lay across the keyboard till you do.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it's going on when you don't have the strength.
How come in 1967, the Jews beat Egypt in just 6 days?
Why do carpet installers offer an "installation guarantee"? Does carpet spontaneously de-install itself?
The less you have to do, the less time you find to do it in.
Make love, not war. - Hell, do both, get married!
I told my doctor I had been noticing a burning sensation in my eyes, and difficulty breathing after sex.
Find a flat surface and somebody will find something to put on it.
Intaxication: Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with.
You'll need to know my name. You'll be screaming it later.
For lunch make him a nutritious meal he can take to work.
Hey Rocky, watch me pull a tagline out of my hat!
Questions pile up at a much faster rate than the answers.
I might be in the basement. I'll go upstairs and check.
Cats have nine lives. Which makes them ideal for experimentation.
Live long and prosper, but don't let the IRS know.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile - hoping it will eat him last.
How did people look busy at work before computers?
Five - Don't listen to critics; just get on with the job that needs to be done.
What you are, not what you have, is what makes you rich.
That which Does Not Kill Me Postpones the Inevitable.
Take the cat, pour petrol over it and set it alight.As it burns it goes 'WOOOOOF'.
If you are able to go to the doctor, you are able to come to work.
Men are most apt to believe what they least understand.
How come it was called the Cosby Show when Billy Cosby's character was named Heathcliff Huxtible?
Are left-handed people the only people in their right minds?
You know the starlight scope has nothing to do with astronomy.
The mind is like a parachute; it only works when it is open.
Don't write anything down. We can guess what the error message might have been.
Your arms are almost too short to read the newspaper.
If you approach within 50 feet of the barn in your street clothes, you will get dirty.
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
If you don't find it in the Index, look very carefully through the entire catalogue.
What's the difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts?
On Kevorkian's suicide machine: This product uses carbon monoxide, which has been found to cause cancer in laboratory rats.
Computer illiteracy? You mean my computer's supposed to READ?
Why don't you try practicing random acts of intelligence and senseless acts of self-control?.
If you're gonna draw on the wall, do it behind the couch.
If a man tells a woman she's beautiful she'll overlook most of his other lies.
My life has been filled with terrible misfortune; most of which never happened.
Did you hear about the teacher who was helping one of her kindergarten students put his boots on?
The winner is announced right here by the third day of the following month.
Women will talk to you if and only if they are unavailable.
The person not here is the one working on the problem.
How can an undertaker raise his burial charges and blame it on the cost of living?
Precinct toilets stolen! Police have nothing to go on.
If a cigarette smoker wakes up from a 7-year coma, does he want a cigarette?
A toast to bread, for without bread, there could be no toast.
Life is like a bowl of cherries, and I'm in the pits!
If at first you don't succeed you are running about average.
Lord Birkenhead is very clever, but sometimes his brains go to his head.
He sits the frog down and says, Frog, I don't know how to repay you.
Secret: something you tell to one person at a time.
A miser is hard to live with, but makes a fine ancestor.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
The mind is like a parachute; it works much better when it's open.
Teacher looks in shock at Johnny and asks if there is possibly any moral to his story.
If You Don't Leave Me Alone, I'll Go And Find Someone Else Who Will.
Have you been eating cats? Something fuzzy is hanging... Oh, never mind.
New regulations means new jobs for new regulators.
On MASH: Hawkeye: Are you a spy? B.J.: I'm not allowed to say.
The Kings were promptly arrested and deported to Syria.
Completion Date -- The point at which liquidated damages begin.
Your ambushes would be more successful if you bathed more often!
Clive - very sweet and adores girls, but prefers to watch.
The Romans did not create a great empire by calling meetings, but rather by killing off all who opposed them.
Life is not fair...it is, however, quite a circus.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
Human beings were created by water to transport it up hill.
THE FARMER ALLOWS WALKERS TO CROSS THE FIELD FOR FREE, BUT THE BULL CHARGES.
How many Asatruar Nordic pagans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Stupid: Being unable to find your own butt in the dark.
Mummy, what happens when a car gets too old and rusty to work? Someone sells it to your Father.
Do they sterilize the needles for lethal injections?
The enemy's arrows, swords and spears are creating bloody slaughter all through the Scottish ranks................
If a man stands in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out of the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
To forgive is to set the prisoner free, and then discover the prisoner was you.
Don't try to outweird me--I get stranger things then you free with my breakfast cereal.
House Speaker Gib Lewis defending himself against the charge that he would personally profit from a bill he had introduced.
You cannot antagonize and influence at the same time.
Discoveries are made by not following instructions.
A flying saucer results when a nudist spills his coffee.
A man is incomplete until he's married. After that, he's finished.
What gets you promoted from one rank gets you killed in the next rank.
It is the wounded oyster that mends its shell with the pearl.
That guy is so old he shops at EXTREMELY Old Navy.
If You Lie Down With The Dogs, You'll... Stink In The Morning.
The customer may always be right; but it is the seller who always makes profit.
Remember - you're unique, just like everybody else.
Imported Beer: He likes good beer and wants to get laid.
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.
You're getting older when the rocking chair feels like a roller coaster used to.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
Caution: Highly explosive in inexperienced hands.
Smile. It makes the world wonder what you're up to.
Champagne for my true friends and true pain for my sham friends!
Don't marry a tennis player - love means nothing to them.
What's the only way to have your husband remember your anniversary?
LSD: Virtual reality without the expensive hardware!
A cat will stretch to a distance proportional to the length of the nap just taken.
The only problem with the gene pool is that there is no life guard.
An average man wants fair play - with himself umpiring.
Your lost needle will be found by your son, husband or brother-in-law... while walking around barefoot.
You forgot to do your backup 16 days ago. Tomorrow you'll need that version.
Running a business is about 95% people and 5% economics.
A case of Heineken is a present you give your-self.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
When it's you against the world, bet on the world.
It is not what's right about war, it's about what's left.
The Stones, I love the Stones. I watch them whenever I can. Fred, Barney . . .
There should be a low to hunt those things with a 12 ga. Shotguns!
Red ship crashes into blue ship - sailors marooned.
Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather restraints...
I went to a seafood disco last week...and pulled a muscle.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
I've run out of sick days, so I'm calling in dead!
An optimist believes we live in the best of all possible worlds. A pessimist fears this is true.
If a tin horn is made from tin, what is a foghorn made from?
The universe does not have laws ... it has habits and habits can be broken.
Jack Nicholson:  'Cause it f-----g wanted to. That's the f----g reason.
Don't think of yourself as an ugly person. Think of yourself as a beautiful monkey!
You can't have everything - where would you put it?
NyQuil - The stuffy, Sneezy, why-the-hell-is-the-room spinning-medicine.
If you can read this, my cloaking device is on the fritz.
Oh, I'll let my husband, Jacob, know as soon as I get home.
My disappointments come in all sizes, to fit my hopes.
If you were pregnant for two years, what would you give birth to?
Even more worse than a storm or a riot, is a bunch of kids who are suddenly quiet.
Is there some shop where you can drop them off and pick them up later?
Your potted plants are alive. And you can't smoke a single one of them.
Her cost of production is $80 and her profit is $20.
That which does not kill me had better be able to run away damn fast.
Spin: stere clear of ye porn pop ups rollin in from tha east.
ER: Is there anything you want to ask. Woman to woman, I mean?
Middle age is when you know your way around, but don't feel like going.
Man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
A beer tastes horrible served hot. A pussy tastes better served hot.
Rumour travels faster, but it don't stay as long as truth!
If it's not worth doing, it's not worth doing well.
Photons have mass!? I didn't even know they were Catholic...
People never say, It's only a game, when they're winning.
You feed your dog Science Diet instead of McDonalds leftovers.
I went to a garage sale. How much for the garage? It's not for sale.
Parkinson's First Law: Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
This tale appeared in the May 1994 issue of Country magazine...
Don[singlequote]t do today that which can be put off till tomorrow.
The dog was exhibiting an extraordinary performance.
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
Beam me aboard, Scotty. Aye, will a 2x4 do, Captain?
You're only young once--after that you need another excuse.
Write your questions down on the back of \$20 dollar bill and send them to me.
Keep emotionally active; cater to your favorite neurosis.
Crime has increased steadily with sales of MS-DOS. Coincidence?
Never knock on Death's door: ring the bell and run away! Death really hates that!
Crew leaders and above never watch until you make a mistake.
Please respect the residents and their requests by following the instructions provided on our Ecology House page.
An argument with my husband tends to make me want to clean something . . . with his toothbrush.
In some cultures what I do would be considered normal.
The Cleo Awards, a whole show full of commercials.
Limbaugh Institute FOR Advanced Conservative Studies.
Treat anger like gold. Spend it wisely or not at all.
At the bottom of the application where it says "sign here," she put Sagittarius.
The old know more about being young than the young know about being old.
Have you heard the one about the Agnostic, Dyslexic, Insomniac?
I'm Out Of Bed And Dressed-----What More Do You Want?
Old is when your back goes out more often than you do.
The skydiving instructor was answering questions from a group of first timers.
Boy, was I pissed off. I had to go to court, and was convicted.
The administration will view the study hall as the teacher's preparation time.
It's hard to soar like an eagle when you're surrounded by turkeys.
Never appeal to a man's better nature. He may not have one.
No, that chair isn't saved. But we're praying for it!
Do you want to make people's heads explode? Sure! We all do!
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar.
He who hesitates too long, must change his underwear.
Going to Hell when I die would just be redundant.
If I put water in my dog's mouth, will bells ring?
If you jogged backward . . .would you gain weight?
Did you hear about the blonde who stayed up all night studying for her urine exam?
If you think all day about your next beer, you are an alcoholic.
I had plastic surgery last week. I cut up my credit cards.
You head to the clearance rack as soon as you walk into a store.
The beauty of a command-driven interface is that it gives you countless opportunities to type a command wrong.
The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity - the rest is overhead for the operating system.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
Men are all the same - they just have different faces, so that you can tell them apart.
I can only please one person each day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
Between 61 and 70, a woman is like Mongolia, with a glorious and all conquering past but alas, no future.
A woman wants one man to satisfy her every need A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
If a food processor slices and dices food, what does a word processor do?
Do married people live longer than single people do, or does it just SEEM longer?
I'm moving to Mars next week, so if you have any boxes . . .
Personality, the unique blend of parts that define an individual.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
Two words you may never have to use at Yale: 'Interlibrary Loan'.
Forget World Peace -- Visualize Turning Off Your Turn Signal!
Entropy (I don't explain them--I just list them).
Why get real? Plastic is cheaper and comes in prettier colors.
Tonight there will be an ice cream party. All ladies giving milk please come early.
The hand is quicker than the eye; otherwise there would not be so many black eyes.
No man is as clever as his mother thinks he is ...
You're old when you forget how to start your rocking chair.
You can't train a horse with shouts, and expect it to obey a whisper.
Jokes for Idiots - Jokes, Funny Pictures, Jokes, Insults, Funny Quotes, Funny Stories.
Computers follow your orders, not your intentions.
What do you do with a pig that has a sore throat? Apply oinkment!
A failure in a device will never appear until it has passed final inspection.
The best alternative to INTELLIGENCE is SILENCE.
How do you keep your husband from reading your e-mail?
Among men, sex sometimes leads to intimacy; among women intimacy sometimes leads to sex.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.
Our warranty doesn't cover fire, theft, or acts of dog.
If you're traveling at the speed of light and you turn your headlights on, what happens?
Did the defendant say anything when she got out of her car?
A woman's job is never done because she still has to do what she asked her husband to do.
Why does the Air Force need expensive new bombers? Have the people we've been bombing been complaining?
Patient has left his white blood cells at another hospital.
When you were 20! When I was 10, I single-handedly destroyed a Trade Federation Droid Control ship!
A most joke prone area, but much too likely to be taken seriously.
There's two theories to arguing with a woman. Neither one works.
Old florists don't die, they make other arrangements.
Don't Be So Serious! - Best Humor from the Net from Humorama!
It is better to live day by day for you might not be here tomorrow.
Really Means: Has committed no major blunders to date.
Lead us not into temptation. Just tell us where it is; we'll find it.
Charity: Something that begins at home and usually stays there.
When the lawyer finally wound down from his ranting and raving, the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself.
One accurate measurement is worth a thousand expert opinions.
Fourth, stay alert. You can observe a lot by watching.
Now here are some takes on our Northern cousins. You might be a Yankee if ...
What keeps glue from sticking to the inside of the bottle?
You can't help the poor man by destroying the rich.
If your attack is going really well, it's an ambush.
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Nice guys finish last and bring you breakfast in bed.
Some people will believe anything if it is whispered to them.
TRAFFIC LIGHT -- apparatus that automatically turns red when your car approaches.
Tough times gets you real friends and others get you tough times.
When did my wild oats turn to prunes and All Bran?
How does a blind parachutest know when to open his chute?
Never trust a person who isn't having at least one crisis.
You know when somebody 'ain't from around here'.
The longest of journeys begins with but a single step.
When graphing a function, the width of the line should be inversely proportional to the precision of the data.
Winning isn't everything, but then losing is nothing.
I remembers everything, even if it didn't happen.
Condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion.
If there's a tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
Real programmers don't document ... If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
He kept it up until a hunter came along and shot him.
Your Approach: You won't have to approach her, if she is interested, she'll send YOU a drink.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
My fiancee, Paula Jo, is registered at Tiffany's.
You don't really need your paycheck, do you? Vote for Clinton!
I don't know how I got over the hill without getting to the top.
This is as bad as it can get -- but don't bet on it.
Two old men who had been friends since the first world war, were sitting on a park bench.
Alexander Bell's Theorem: When a body is immersed in water, the phone rings.
I thought, if this keeps up, by the time I'm six I'll be ninety.
By the time you get to where you can make ends meet, someone moves the ends.
Increase the life of your carpets by rolling them up and keeping them in the garage.
We can be knowledgeable with other men's knowledge, but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom.
George W. tugged at the man's sleeve and asked once again, "Aren't you Moses".
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
The most magnificent thing about any task is the spirit in which it is done.
If you can keep your head while those around you are losing theirs, you may have misjudged the situation.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow...enough already!
Once upon a time there was a non conforming sparrow who decided not to fly south for the winter.
The two went up to a room for an hour whereupon the Man calmly left.
Have you ever felt like a eucalyptus tree in a koala feeding frenzy?
Optimists invent airplanes; pessimists invent parachutes.
Misery doesn't love company... Nowadays, it insists on it.
Animal testing is futile! The animals always get nervous and give the wrong answers!
He often broke into song because he couldn't find the key.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in a hospital dying of nothing.
I get lost in thought. You see, its new territory for me.
To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there is no music, no choreography and the dancers hit each other.
A penny saved is a Congressional spending oversight.
If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.
If you eat standing up the calories all go to your feetand get walked off.
We should back the metric system every 2.54cm of the way.
Word you use when you can't spell the one you want.
The best way to end a fight is to make love - That will certainly revolutionize the game of hockey!
I'd have written sooner but I thought I owed you money.
Have you considered suing your brains for non-support?
When in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
At Age 70 success is . . . having a drivers license.
A cat must lay on the floor in such a position to obstruct the maximum amount of human foot traffic.
And finally, the mind of a 6-year-old is wonderful.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it is unfamiliar territory.
You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated.
Barry - lights fires, pinches girl's bottoms and is well hung.
Adultery is the application of democracy to love.
Don't bring your silver dollar yo-yo near the slot machines.
Quasars shift red, hot stars burn blue, space is warped and so are you.
Ever wonder why Oprah spelled backwards is Harpo?
To steal from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
If you aint making waves, you aint kicking hard enough.
If everyone thought before they spoke, the silence would be deafening.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without hanging on.
Don't ask the croupier if you can use your lucky dice.
Welcome to the South's best lil' Country Humor site!
If there were no golf balls, how would we measure hail?
That wasn't telepathy, that was just common sense ...
Sometimes you're the bird, and sometimes you're the windshield.
Of course I know how to copy disks. Where's the xerox machine?
In the front yard of a funeral home: Drive carefully. We'll wait.
Prometheus: Wouldn't it have been easier and more convenient to steal the fire from hell?
Some other humorous stuff that doesn't fit into any of the other categories.
If you're afraid of being lonely, don't try to be right.
When you go for a job interview, don't forget to ask if they press charges.
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
No, officer. I do not wish to give up my right to remain silent!!
I talk to myself because I like dealing with a better class of people.
Ever notice how irons have a setting for PERMANENT press? I don't get it.
BUFFERS=20 FILES=15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!
I love my work, I could sit and watch it all day long.
In every real man a child is hidden who wants to play.
I sounds like English, but I can't understand a word you're saying.
You'll keep your sanity in graduate school if you "Carpe noctem" instead.
America is the only country in the world where the poor have a parking problem.
Don't go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Your daughter just bought on CD all the records your college roommate used to play that you most despised.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
A joke never gains an enemy, but often loses a friend.
The measure of a man is not the number of servants he has, but the number of people he serves.
Thou shalt not jump onto the computer keyboaqqwdfgbnm.
Fleas can jump 350 times their body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.
My wife will buy anything marked down. Last year she bought an escalator.
PERSIAN WIFE (suspiciously): How much have you had to drink?
A couple trying to break into society hosted a dinner party.
The man stood perfectly still and continued to stare at the ceiling, saying nothing.
When I get sick I am black, when I am scared I am black.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
RrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrEAL fucking high on drugs. The Beatles were so fucking high they let Ringo sing a few songs.
Childhood: That period when nightmares occur only during sleep.
How could I have been doing 70 miles an hour when I've only been driving for 10 minutes?
Try not to let your mind wander ... It is too small and fragile to be out by itself.
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think.
Money talks and makes me cry, for all it says is goodbye.
Crappuccino: The particularly frothy type of diarrhoea that you get when abroad.
Can your eyes be called an school, because there are pupils there?
Dentists are not prejudiced - they hate everyone.
Harp's Corollary To Estridge's Law: Your IBM PC-compatible computer grows more incompatible with every passing moment.
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
He's so tall if he did a back-flip, he'd kick God in the mouth.
Bosses are so busy delegating jobs, they have no time to work.
When riding dragons, don't let your mind go blank.
Life just gives you time  space; it's up to you to fill it.
The quartermaster has only two sizes, too large and too small.
Confucious say Man have more hair on chest than woman - but on the whole woman have more.
Ajit: Kahin par bhi so jao Rawbert, hum to Mona ke saath soyenge!
Presence is more than just being there. If your absence doesn't make any difference, your presence won't either.
The moist residue left on a window after a dog presses its nose to it.
Due to the outbreak of AIDS, employees will no longer be permitted to kiss the boss' ass.
If you're bleeding to death, say something witty.
And whose cruel idea was it for the word "Lisp" to have a "S" in it?
I'm a little tagline. When I grow up I wanna be a novel.
Please excuse Ray Friday from school. He has very loose vowels.
When you're swimming in the creek, and an eel bites your cheek, that's a moray!
The meek shall inherit the Earth when we're done with it.
The simplest problem always seems to require the most complicated solution.
The shortest distance between two puns is a straight line.
Children should never listen to Muzak -- too much sax and violins.
I would love to speak a foreign language but I cant. So I grew hair under my arms instead.
Logic is a pretty wreath of flowers that smells bad.
It said "Insert disk # 3" , but only two will fit!
Borrow money from pessimists - they won't expect it back.
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.
Don't let schooling get in the way of your education.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Everyone makes mistakes. The trick is to make mistakes when nobody is looking.
Don't worry: the answer's at the back of the book.
Data! I thought you were dead! No, Sir. I rebooted.
Not only are some of these good, but it's also scary, because real people actually said them!
Boston Terrier with no hind legs and balls of steel. Answers to the name "Sparky".
What tragedy it is to be just smart enough to know that you are doomed to painful idiocy.
If you tied buttered toast to the back of a cat and dropped it from a height, what would happen?
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb into a tree and act like a nut.
The problem child will be a school board member's son.
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be thought so.
I'm busier than a one-toothed man in a corn-on-the-cob eating contest.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are laughing WITH you.
This is not something to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown, with great force.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
A man of quality does not fear a woman seeking equality.
I've been moving more fluids today than Moses at the Red Sea.
This is the day I'm going to make firm decisions! I think...
May we kiss those we please and please those we kiss.
It's best to leave quickly when you make noises like that...
The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
I didn't do it! You didn't see me! You can't prove it!
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like clearing the drive before it has stopped snowing.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive it isn't.
Documentation is like sex: When it's good, it's fantastic, when it's bad...
Proper treatment can cure a cold in seven days- but left to itself it'll hang on for a week.
If your parents didn't have children, chances are you won't either.
Promises to improve foreign relations with Hawaii.
Remember - when the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
Middle age is that time of life when a man returns a wink with a blink.
Committeea group that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
Be nice to the nerds and geeks in high school - you'll be working for them in the future.
Jodie - absolutely perfect in every way, every group of friends should have one!
WinErr: 01A Operating system overwritten - Please reinstall all your software.
It has now been proven beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
They can't get two rats to root each other up the arse.
A ton of regret never made an ounce of difference.
Where did Webster look up the definitions when he wrote the dictionary?
Why do they call it apartments if they're all shoved together?
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
Optimist: A person who starts taking bath if he accidentally falls into a river.
Wife who put husband in doghouse soon find him in cat house.
User - a technical term used by computer pros. See idiot.
Reality checksum error! Press any key to restart universe.
Youth isn't a time of life, it's a state of mind.
On the fifth day, God created the sparkle ball so that the cat might or might not play with it.
If 50 million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake whole relationships.
Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you'd had enough oxygen at birth?
The man passed out in a dead faint as he came out of his front door onto the porch.
I call things as I see them; If I didn't see them, I make them up!
My fallacies are more logical than your fallacies.
If you get up one time more than you fall you will make it through.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
C. Five, one to force it with a hammer and four to take him to the emergency room.
Did you hear about the guy who was half Polish and half Italian?
How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink?
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
In the presence of great men, even fools hide their faults.
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments.
It's our job to stomp them, and then keep them in the dark until they mature.
Smile, it makes people wonder what you are thinking.
Please don't ask me what the score is, I'm not even sure what the game is.
To whom the gods destroy, they first teach Windows...
If the customer wants vanilla, give him vanilla.
Barium.....................What doctors do when patients die.
It don't matter so much how long a ride you have, as how well you ride it.
He is not afraid of work, you can tell by the way he fights it.
This soldier had been stationed overseas and was fooling around on his wife.
Labor Pain.....................Getting hurt at work.
It expands on the scene where Vader reveals his fatherhood to Luke...
The cop asked me, What the hell do you do with a 6 foot asshole?
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way.
No job is so simple that is can't be done wrong.
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
Guns don't kill people, postmen and radical pro-lifers do.
Never assume malice for what stupidity can explain.
Ganz einfach. Die Erdbeschleunigung betrgt 9,81 m/sec^2.
Neil - sweet and will do anything in this world for you, great in bed.
Whoever rows the boat doesn't have time to rock it.
Being sick is defined as you can't walk or you're in the hospital.
Money makes not so many true friends as real enemies.
Opinions are like armpits: Everyone has 'em but not everyone wants yours.
I just let my mind wander, and it didn't come back.
It's time to make like a Bungee jumper and catch you on the rebound.
I started hitting his fingers with a hammer and he fell to the ground.
Discontent is the first step in the progress of a person or a nation.
I am becoming increasingly worried that there isn't enough anxiety in my life.
Don't be irreplaceable; if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
PHONE: Tool for calling your neighbor Chris to see if he has another hydraulic floor jack.
A lady walked into a pharmacy and spoke to the pharmacist.
What's clear and smells like carrots? A Rabbit fart.
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
IN A ROME LAUNDRY: Ladies, leave your clothes here and spend the afternoon having a good time.
Worst-dressed sentient being in the known universe.
Simply Click the design below to see the tee shirts!
How does a man have the power to make a woman happy?
People in cars cause accidents. Accidents in cars cause people.
Mark - wished girls liked him for who he is not his great looks, mouthy bastard.
How cold was it? It was as cold as an aluminum outhouse seat in January.
If you take the wings off a fly, does it become a walk?
I always begin a new week the same. By saying hello to the detox guards.
If you want to know about paranoids, follow them around.
I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path.
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
Early to bed - makes you healthy, wealthy and boring.
That man is cruelly depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
A drunken man's words are a sober man's thoughts.
If you can't laugh at yourself, you may be missing the joke of the century.
If you don't like my driving, keep off the foot path.
Why are they called buildings if they're already built?
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
One morning Grandfather and I were passing the house, he drove into the yard to ask after the old lady.
Must Go - My Rotweiler needs its teeth sharpened.
Stop searching forever, happiness is right next to you.
Why do I always shrug my shoulders? I have no idea.
God doesn't ask you to be the best, just to do your best.
Butcher who back into meat grinder get a little behind in his orders.
I slept like a log last night. I woke up in a fireplace.....
When his wife died he wrote Paradise Regained.
Click Here To Share This Page With Family, Friends, and Loved Ones!
From the committee to use professional politicians as lab animals!
It is easy to have a balanced personality. Just forget your troubles as easily as you do your blessings.
His pals are still trying to collect on the bet and grandpa is too.
A road map always tells you everything except how to refold it.
Fine day to work off excess energy, steal something heavy.
You read this entire list looking desperately for one sign that doesn't apply to you.
By doing just a little each day, I can gradually let the task overwhelm me.
If you stay home and do the housework, you're a pansy.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
First things first, but not necessarily in that order.
Why can't you accept that some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the statue.
They have no idea who J.R. is and, thus, do not know or care who shot him.
If his mind was a book the pages would be stapled shut.
Show me where Stalin's buried, and I'll show you a communist plot.
I stayed in a really old hotel last night. They sent me a wake-up letter.
From: Ian Ellis ian#NoSpam.iglou.com The speed of time is one second per second.
Catscan........................Searching for Kitty.
The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
I'd love to help you out, but I don't do brain surgery.
A watchmaker is someone who doesn't charge extra for working over time.
I had a monumental idea this morning, but I didn't like it.
Why do they call it a TV set if you only get one?
The man who makes no mistakes usually makes nothing.
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
Everyone needs to believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
Wearing a condom does not make a beer any less enjoyable.
Bacteria is the only culture some people will ever have.
Morning after pill for men - it changes your blood type.
Your kid may be an honours student, but you're still an idiot.
At the crash site, one lone survivor sat with his back against a tree, chewing on a bone.
Catching the fireflies could happily occupy an entire evening?
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence of your attempts.
We were unanimous - in fact everyone was unanimous.
I'm sorry, but a unicorn doesn't work like a mule.
Many times in order to receive something, you have to ask for it.
Bad: Your wife's leaving you. Worse: For another woman.
WINDOWS ERROR #004: Operator fell asleep while waiting.
I made it foolproof, but they're making better fools.
Delta Airlines travel pack: Delta is ready when you are.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Possesses strong affinity to gold, silver, platinum, and precious stones.
JESUS SAVES... But Gretzky gets the rebound, he shoots, he SCORES!!
I try to look ugly, so that people will recognize my driver's licence photo.
You've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key.
I'm practicing assertiveness. Do you think that's okay?
Ever just seem to not be able to get around to procrastinating?
If you can't hear me, it's because I'm in parentheses.
Manuals come out, after all possible keystrokes fail.
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it.
Slit your wrists, it will lower your blood pressure.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
This is a April Fools joke that still follows me , 6 years later.
A cat's irritation rises in direct proportion to her embarrassment times the amount of human laughter.
Female......A good movie, concert, play or book.
Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
Whales are mammals. Mammals have hair. SHAVE THE WHALES!
Somebody's terminal is dropping bits. I found a pile of them over in the corner.
Winnie would spend all of his time practising limbo. He got pretty good. He could go under a rug.
If electricity comes from electrons, does that mean that morality comes from morons?
As soon as a still-to-be-finished computer task becomes a life-or-death situation, the power fails.
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
Constantly petting that bald man he keeps on his lap.
Some folks think a fertile mind requires a lot of dirt.
We'll never discover we've been duped by a Wonderbra.
Money can't buy love but it can rent a very close imitation.
You constantly talk about the price of gasoline.
It's better for girls to be single but not for boys. Boys need someone to clean up after them.
Must have boat and motor. Send picture of boat and motor.
Hiroshima..45........Tjernobil..86........Windows..95....
Sorting out the truth with a lawyer is like sorting balloons with a pitchfork.
You never really learn to swear until you meet computer (Micro)software.
The necessity for correcting mistakes in assembly increases as the assembly approaches completion.
Thats a nice perfume. Did you marinate in it?
Minds, like parachutes, only function when they are open.
A bachelor is a man who never makes the same mistake once.
Earth: A solid substance much desired by the seasick.
Money can't buy you happiness but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery.
If a motorist cuts you off, just turn the other cheek. Nothing gets the message across like a good mooning.
If he says that you are too good for him-believe it.
Man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
There is always a way, and it usually doesn't work.
The worst embarrassment was being picked last for a team?
You see those people over there? I know what they're talking about. They're saying that I'm paranoid.
Live fast, die young and leave a good-looking corpse.
Clinton doesn't know how to come clean..... Monica doesn't know how to clean cum.
If Jesus had grown up to be an agent, instead of walking on water would he have walked on people?
Quizmaster; In which European country is Mount Etna ?
My idea of roughing it is when room service is late!
My wife and I went to a hotel where we got a waterbed. My wife called it the Dead Sea.
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
You think loading the dishwasher means getting your wife drunk.
Mechanical engineers build weapons and civil engineers build targets.
Researchers have found that pessimists have the same blood type: B negative.
If you work too hard, there is never any time for her.
Fraser - sucks pig's dicks  swallows the lot.
No husband has ever been shot while doing the dishes.
Isn't everywhere within walking distance if you have the time?
Why do they sterilise needles for lethal injections?
What you enjoy is much more important than what you have.
We've missed you but we promise to aim better next time.
Anorexics. When your knees become fatter than your legs, start eating cakes again.
If you have to ask the price you can't afford it.
Work is a fine thing if it doesn't take too much of your spare time.
I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.
On a bag of Fritos: "You could be a winner! No purchase necessary. Details inside.
Jesus died for my sins and all I got was this lousy t-shirt.
The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is to leave her with no hard feeling.
To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front I struck a pedestrian.
Women are born leaders, LOOK you are following one now!
A mushroom walks into a bar, pulls up a stool, and orders a beer.
I always begin a new week the same. The detox guys even know me by name!
If we find life on other planets, what would happen to the Miss Universe pageant?
I'm sorry.. Am I poking holes in your self-esteem bucket?
God tries our faith so that we may try His faithfulness.
Want to get laid? Crawl up a chicken's ass  wait!
If you are driving at the speed of light and you turn your headlights on, what happens?
It's not me who can't keep a secret, it's the people I tell that can't.
Did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic insomniac who stays up all night wondering if there really is a Dog?
No, Taco Bell is not the Mexican telephone company.
A path without obstacles probably leads nowhere.
Will he make it in time? Alas no, his valiant effort is in vain.
When a Smurf holds its breath, what color does it turn?
The woman is thinking of having children, the man is thinking of dating them.
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
Learn just how horrible of a person you truly are.
In the country, people are quiet but few are lonely.
I'm not a mercenary ... killing is more of a hobby with me.
Treat your friends as you do your pictures, place them in their best light.
Bartender, I'll have what the guy on the floor is having.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question.  Yes is the answer.
A modern artist is one who throws paint on canvas, wipes it off with a cloth and sells the cloth.
By the time you make ends meet, they move the ends.
They looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
If you decide not to choose then you've already made the wrong choice!
You can drop by to see a friend without having to bring a little gift.
Why were all the ink spots crying? Their father was in the pen.
As a schizophrenic, I think twice before doing anything.
The biggest troublemaker you'll ever deal with watches you shave his face every morning.
The dumber people think you are, the more surprised they're going to be when you kill them.
Always try to keep the number of landings you make equal to the number of take offs you've made.
Woman: Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
The state at which a person is so incredibly bored, they lack the desire to do anything.
Computers cut my work in half and the boss expects me to put it all back together!
The Vietnam War is as ancient history to them, let alone World Wars I and II and the Civil War.
DEFINITION: Altair - A place where computers are sacrificed.
Every organization appears to be headed by the secret agents of its enemies.
If a series of events can go wrong, it will do so in the worst possible way.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take Hofstadter's Law into account.
You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
Don't we all experience moments absolutely free from worry? You know those times when total panic sets in?
I caught a mild version of mad cow disease, it's called disgruntled cow disease.
Having an affair with a teacher, Your teacher having an affair with your parent?
My car is so old, they stole the club and left the car.
For every idiot proof system devised, a new, improved idiot will arise to overcome it.
When Jesus was on the cross, to pass the time, did he pretend he was an airplane?
If you are given on open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Anyone can make a mountain out of a molehill by throwing on more dirt.
Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternative.
The paper is always strongest at the perforations.
We are born naked, wet and hungry, and get slapped on our ass... then things get worse.
The patient has been depressed ever since she began seeing me in 1993.
DEFINITION: Buffer - A programmer who works in the nude.
Men are brave enough to go to war, but they are not brave enough to get a bikini wax.
Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby? They named him Sum Ting Wong.
What type of dog do vampire's like the best? Bloodhounds!
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
One good thinga bout Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day.
Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner.
A cat will go quack - if you squeeze it hard enough.
Herblock's Law: if it is good, they will stop making it.
If you need 6 buttons, you will find 5 in your button box.
Change is inevitable .. except from vending machines.
Windows 3.1 vs OS/2 = Michael Jackson vs Mike Tyson.
When you are hungry, meow loudly so they feed you just to shut you up.
The boy hesitated, then said, Okay, looking at the woman suspiciously.
If your positions are firmly set and you are prepared to take the enemy assault on, he will bypass you.
Female Applicants must be childless, (and end up remaining that way).
Drink 'til she's cute, but stop before the wedding.
The wisdom of today's politicians (and others), in their own words...
America's one of the finest countries anyone ever stole.
Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
Just when I make ends meet, someone moves the ends.
Hate those idiots at the mall who take up 2 spots?
If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.
You consider second day air delivery painfully slow.
Support your local Search and Rescue unit. Get lost.
Manchester United fans. Avoid an asymmetrical bulge in your right arm by masturbating furiously with your left arm too.
He keeps differentiating.... flying off on a tangent.
When you really screw up, you will get network coverage with a 40 share.
I live in an equal-opportunity town. They allow mentally-handicapped drivers.
MedicalDentalHumor-5Pages!
IN THE OFFICE OF A ROMAN DOCTOR: Specialist in women and other diseases.
What do you mean? You actually read this tagline?!
Obey little! Resist much! Question authority! Eat fibre!
Windows NT: Vapourware of the desperate and scared.
Undetectable errors are infinite in variety, in contrast to detectable errors, which by definition are limited.
Learn to live for today; most worries are about yesterday and tomorrow.
Diplomacy: The patriotic art of lying for one's country.
Women can get out of speeding tickets by pouting. This will get men arrested.
J. Terry Sanford, Senator (N.C.), was an Eagle Scout.
By the fourth yr, peopl wil be rseptiv to steps such as replsing th with z and w with v.
Laugh alone and the worked thinks you're an idiot.
Sure, I'd love to help you out...now, which way did you come in?
Women don't understand the appeal of sports. Men seek entertainment that allows them to escape reality.
Did Washington flash a quarter when asked for ID?
You're getting old when tying one on means fastening your MedicAlert bracelet.
The slow, dragging fingernail on the blackboard of life. SEE JOB.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
Code Name: ......................................................
The worst case scenario is that you may have to buy it.
No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats--approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
First of all you're an idiot. And second...nah, that pretty much covers it.
The 2 Greek men are sleeping with each other and the Greek woman is cleaning and cooking for them.
If you think there is good in everybody, then you haven't met everybody.
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
Keep your words soft and sweet, in case you have to eat them later.
Patient was seen in consultation by Dr. Blank, who felt we should sit on the abdomen and I agree.
The only advantage to living in the past is that the rents are much cheaper!
Analogies in writing are like feathers on a snake.
I don't like dogs ... keep getting mustard on my catching glove.
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue . . .
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other sins are inverted nonsense.
Rings of Saturn are made entirely of lost airline luggage.
By cutting down beautiful forest trees, the logger makes $20.
You have 5000 cows, none of which belongs to you. You charge for storing them for others.
I washed mud, off of mud. I washed my edible underwear and now they're gone.
The midget says, "Nith earzth. can I thee her mouf"?
One brain cell that prevents them from shitting all over the place!
If ignorance is bliss, most of us must be orgasmic.
But sometimes you smack your head against the pavement and die.
Laptop Computer: A device invented to force businessmen to work at home, on vacation, and on business trips.
Be pleasant, and make sure he is in a good mood.
None, They just join self-help groups to learn how to live with darkness in their lives.
It is axiomatic that any spares required will have just been discontinued and will be no longer in stock.
Earth first! (we'll strip-mine the other planets later).
If beef comes from a cow and ham from a pig, why do they put beef in hamburgers?
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off?
I have a watch cat! Just break in and she'll watch.
The 1st blonde looks closely and says: Those are moose tracks.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
A toilet was stolen. The police couldn't find any evidence. They had nothing to go on.
Guy: Why yes as a matter of fact I do. Love the gambling.
Hello, this is KVKE, you're on the air. (or) Hello, you're caller number nine!
We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
T-shirt: My heart belongs to Daddy. . .and so do my credit cards!
What I want is WYWIWYG - "What You Want Is What You Get".
Sponge Cake: Dessert made with borrowed ingredients.
You will never be younger than you are today...vice versa.
The best photos are generally attempted through the lens cap.
A leading authority is someone lucky who guessed right.
Swelled head: Nature's frantic effort to fill a vacuum.
Helpful Hint #5 An empty aluminum cigar tube filled with angry wasps makes a Wonderful inexpensive vibrator.
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you get to meet new people every day.
If it wasn't for muscle spasms, I wouldn't get any exercise at all.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Your trouble is that your absence makes good company.
Patient had waffles for breakfast and anorexia for lunch.
With consequences, the unexpected always predominate.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
It is good for girl to meet boy in park, but better for boy to park meat in girl!
Clock: A small mechanical device to wake up people without children.
Is a lawyer someone who helps you get what's coming to him?
I thought you were on a diet. -- Wai Yu Mun Ching?
Put him in a round room and tell him to look for the corners.
Cats are like potato chips. It's hard to have just one.
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time televisionwereFred and Wilma Flintstone.
We must believe in free will. We have no choice.
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
Nothing is fool-proof for a sufficiently talented fool.
A typical class in high school: show up, get rid of your homework, get new homework, leave.
I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree.
Instead of headlights, I put strobe lights on my head.
If you cannot dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
If fire fighters fight fire and crime fighters fight crime, what do freedom fighters fight?
Went to court for a parking ticket. I pleaded insanity.
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible.
A conservative is a person who lives in a past that never existed.
He had a flat tire as he was driving to an important meeting.
FAULT: Excessive air turbulence, perhaps due to air-hockey game in progress.
If you're the good guy, draw second and shoot first.
Personally, I like my flying brains dark and evil.
I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute.
When I die, bury me face down, so the whole world can kiss my ass.
The best things in life are free.... or have no interest or payments for one full year.
Did you hear? They took the word gullible out of the dictionary!
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No Hard Feelings".
Don't take life too seriously: You're not getting out alive, anyway.
Sherry went to her new gynecologist for her first exam.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Why is government corruption always reported in the past tense?
A couple of days before the wedding, the Queen took Sophie aside for a chat...
A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
Give a man enough rope and he'll lasso another woman.
Massive expenditures obscure the evidence of bad judgments.
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
Deter goldfish from having sex by throwing a small bucket of air over any that you catch in the act.
The walls here are so very soft, and I just love all the buckles on my new coat.
THIS IS THE AGE OF THE TRAIN - it takes an age to catch one.
Beware of what you ask of the Gods, for they may...
He walks up to the same cashier, and asks him to put his hand into the bag.
The face is familiar but I can't quite remember my name!
California: Cheese from Wisconsin with Dot com flavor.
Flights never leave from Gate #1 at any terminal in the world.
Life is a tragedy for feelers and a comedy for thinkers.
Build a machine an idiot can use, and only an idiot will want to use it.
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, and faith looks up...
Little boy: Granny, please make a noise like a frog.
Friendly checkout clerk. Thanks for keeping me that way!
Experience is the thing you have left when everything else is gone.
Laws are like sausages, it's better not to see them being made.
Remember that the ark was built by amateurs and the Titanic was built by professionals.
I washed a sock. Then I put it in a dryer. When I took it out, it was gone.
Nothing makes a vacation seem better than hindsight.
Keep looking at invisible bugs and try to swat them.
Civilized people need love for full sexual satisfaction.
Why is it that our children can't read a Bible in school, but they can inprison?
Two robins were lying on their backs, basking in the sun.
The decision is easy - do all of everything you can and hope that it's enough.
Marriage is a 3-ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring and suffering.
After his checkup, the doctor called the wife into his office alone.
Could it be that I do is the longest sentence?
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
When I was little, in my backyard we had a quicksand box. I was an only child...eventually.
Be sporting: Never kill more lawyers than you can eat.
Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand.
I must be lonely too, here is possibly the worst joke of all time.
The penalty for success is to be bored by the people who used to snub you.
The atom, the hydrogen, and my physics tests can't *all* be bombs!
God may have made man first, but there is always a rough draft before a final copy.
No one had heard of pizzas, McDonalds and instant coffee.
Year, n. A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
Rasslin' and racin' should be required classes in elementary school.
Politeness is the art of choosing among your thoughts.
Is that a hard drive or are you just happy to see me?
The more work you have to get done, the more likely it is to rain.
If life is like a bowl of cherries, then I'm living in the pits!
One can never underestimate the intelligence of the electorate.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
I finally got it all together and promptly forgot where I put it.
Fluffy is now sleeping only 21 hours a day, down from 23.
Do you believe in love at first sight... or do I need to walk by again?
I agreed to suspend disbelief, not hang it until it died!
PCDOSI'LLFIDDLEWITHOS/2WOULDN'TYOU?
You spew forth the virtues of India, but don't want to live there.
He notices, however, that they are copying copies, not the original books.
If you bring extra batteries, they will be defective.
Everybody needs something to believe. I believe I'll have another cup of coffee!
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you.
Personality: Conservative and classy; sophisticated yet giggles.
If you can remember most or all of these, then you have lived!
Amy - devious, likes being on top, never stays the night - Not to be trusted.
No matter the storm, when you are with God, there's always a rainbow waiting.
You don't have to leave the room to make emergency crotch adjustments.
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
In an attempt to get back at David, Victoria Beckham alleges she had an affair with Michael Jackson.
This is a hilarious "actual 911 call" about a man, a deer, his car and a big dog.
Sure, I played for ten years. I even went to school for it.
I told my girlfriend when I was going to die, because my birth certificate had an expiration date on it.
All I ask for is the opportunity to prove that money can't make me happy.
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
Liberal tagline: friends don't let friends make up their own mind.
I rented a lottery ticket. I won a million dollars. But I had to give it back.
My favorite Jokes. True Alabama Fans will appreciate these.
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
How many Windows programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.
System has erased all work in progress. Press any key to ignore and continue.
It's better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it.
My life is not organized around high probability events.
What do you get when four men go fishing and one comes back after having caught nothing?
The HA HA HA Prescription and Humoractive Exercises.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing.
Nathan - stupid as hell, and tends to make others feel dumb.
Confucious say Put rooster in freezer to get a stiff cock.
Virus detected! P)our chicken soup on motherboard?
Daryl went in and the mortician pulled back the sheet.
Wrinkles are sure signs of where smiles have been.
How do u occupy an idiot? Press down - Press up...Press Down...!
A liberated woman is one who has sex before marriage and a job after.
If you made an arrow with the Holy Spirit's feathers, could you shoot it into infinity?
I went fishing with Salvador Dali; he was using a dotted line.
If Sex Is A Pain In The Ass, Then You're Doing It the Wrong WAY!...
Is Santa so jolly because he knows where all the bad girls live?
If you like what we do here, please click on our sponsor's banner and check out our store. Thanks!
Brian contributes very nicely to the group singing by helpful listening.
Experience: What you get when you don't get what you want.
Ajit: Peter, Repeater ke baad teesre ka naam Chang Lee.
If it's tourist season, does that mean we can shoot them?
Other people have normal cats. I've seen them. Why haven't I ever had a normal cat?
There have always been VCRs, but they have no idea what BETA was.
Two wrongs do not make a right ... but three lefts do.
Odo-ware: Software that configures itself to your computer!
If you do a good deed, get a reciept in case heaven is like the IRS.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
I played poker with tarot cards; got a flush and five people died.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me.
Why does E.T. have such big eyes? Because he saw his phone bill.
There's at least one fool in every married couple.
You know, this pain in my neck is getting to be a pain in the neck.
Backwards compatibility? It means we get to keep all of our old mistakes.
Why do ballet dancers always dance on their toes? Wouldn't it be easier to just hire taller dancers?
DEFINITION: IBM - Computer company: "Itty-Bitty Machines" Corporation.
It is better to know useless things than nothing?
Tears: The hydraulic force by which masculine power is defeated by feminine power.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
It's easy to make a friend, hard to make a stranger.
Do you trust a government that doesn't trust you with guns?
I went into MacDonalds yesterday and said "I'd like some fries".
Reality is a crutch for those who don't daydream.
Just think, all this time I've been eating mine plain.
Why do they put Braille on the number pads of drive-through bank machines?
On the other hand....you have different fingers.
Emily - wears odd socks, can have lesbian tendencies.
Consciousness is that annoying time between periods of sleep.
It's better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
Support group for survivors of MS-DOS now forming.
Sweetheart: I'm wiping your phlegm off my breasts with the remains of my blouse.
Genital........................Non-Jewish person.
God's will will not lead you where His grace cannot keep you.
Contestant: I don't know, it was before I was born.
I quit jogging for health reasons. My thighs rubbed together so muchit caught my underwear on fire!
Beer Coat: The invisible but warm coat worn when walking home after a booze cruise at 3 in the morning.
EXPANSION SLOTS: The extra holes in your belt buckle.
In a relationship with a woman, a man can either be right or get laid, but never both.
When you hear the toilet flush and the words "Uh-oh;" it's already too late.
Women need a reason to have sex, men just need a place.
You're not throwing money away, you're plowing it back into the economy.
Michelle - wears white stilettos, dances round her handbag.
They're cute at first, but you get tired of picking up their crap.
Chainsaw Consultant: An outside expert brought in to reduce the employee head count, leaving the brass with clean hands.
Great Rules for writing from William Safire in the New York Times.
You may be redneck if you own more than two tractors.
The person who rows the boat generally doesn't have time to rock it.
The teacher was unable to teach for the next 10 minutes.
Follow your dreams! Unless it's the one where you're at work in your underwear during a fire drill.
I was walking down the street and all of a sudden the prescription for my eye-glasses ran out ....
What's the diff between Christopher Reeve and OJ Simpson?
We will oil your sewing machine and adjust tension in your home for $1.00.
Everybody should believe in something, I believe I'll have another beer.
It is not that I disagree with you, it is just that I'm not in full accord.
Marriages are based on believing you won the arguments.
I've joined the AAAAA, the American Association Against Alliterative Abbreviations.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life; it goes on.
I went home and there was a guy hanging on the window sill.
Did you hear about the cannibal who passed his brother in the woods one day?
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
I used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass.
If horrific means to make horrible, does terrific mean to make terrible?
Wellhung: I'm fumbling with the clasp on your bra.I think it's stuck.
I've been injured - I've got a big crack in my butt.
Humidity is the experience of looking for air and finding water.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
Maier's Law: If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
If you are born again, do you have two bellybuttons?
Ballerinas are always on their toes. Why don't they just get taller ballerinas?
You may not be able to turn back the clock; but you can always wind it up again.
OK, I'm weird! But I'm saving up to become eccentric.
The more I know about people, the more I like my dog.
You can go to a public toilet without a support group.
VI. BEDTIME: Always sleep on the human at night so s/he cannot move around.
North Dakota: We Really are One of the 50 States!
Life is what you make of it, kind of like Play-Doh.
Copyright  1996-2004 Friendfinder, Inc. All rights reserved.
None, they just sit there in the dark and bitch.
The explanation of a disaster will be made by a stand-in.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
Matter can neither be created nor destroyed. However, it can be lost.
Your mouse has moved. Windows NT must be rebooted for the changes to take effect.
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Never argue with idiots. They drag you down to their level then beat you with experience.
I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking.
Pray as if it were up to God, but work as if it were up to you.
If you don't have a leg to stand on, you can't put your foot down.
Hillary Clinton commenting on the release of subpoenaed documents.
I'm out of my mind but feel free to leave a message.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
If facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
Charm is getting the answer yes without asking a clear question.
Money is the root of all evil. Send $20 for more information.
A collection of things said by people suffering from foot-in-mouth disease.
Reality is for those who can't face science fiction.
Program results should always be reproducible. They should all fail in the same way.
Violent when left alone. Able to absorb great amounts of exotic food.
Have several very old dresses from grandmother in beautiful condition.
I heard you were so cool that you began teaching remedial classes at Cucumber college.
If you're living on the edge, make sure you're wearing a seat belt.
A gross ignoramus - 144 times worse than an ordinary ignoramus.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Never say anything unless it is kind, necessary and true.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
Why is it called a near miss when you don't hit something?
You spent "rest breaks" in the front-leaning-rest position.
I stuck around and tried to help with ways that were my own.
After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one.
Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.
Took an hour to bury the cat. Damn thing kept moving.
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is nothing in it.
Question #5: What is the only food that doesn't spoil?
MACINTOSH: Machine Always Crashes, If Not, The OS Hangs!
Of the choice of two evils, I pick the one I've never tried before.
How do you get a one-armed Irishman out of a tree ?...............You wave to him.
Next time you shave, try standing an inch or two closer to the blade.
Many dead animals in the past changed to fossils while others preferred to be oil.
If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
The First Law of Engineering: Hit it with a bigger hammer.
There is more room in your head for thoughts than thoughts in your head for room.
The trouble with class reunions is that old flames have become even older.
When the little old lady arrived he started to relax, knowing he had won.
When I was in high school, I got in trouble with my girlfriend's Dad.
If you cannot stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Unix is user friendly - it's just picky about it's friends.
I saw a sign: "Rest Area 25 Miles." That's pretty big. Some people must be really tired.
He who fishes in another man's well often catches crab.
The District Attorney says he only has a few more questions.
A proverb is the wisdom of many and the wit of one.
Lyndon - can always be found in bed or in the pub.
Unless you're the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
When the tough get going they let sleeping dogs lie.
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
Life's not passing me by....it's RUNNING ME OVER!!!!
Great minds discuss ideas; - Average minds discuss events; - Small minds discuss people.
Mining equipment hit rock bottom. Diapers remain unchanged.
WinErr: 020 Error recording error codes - Additional errors will be lost.
And hopefully they'll turn out to be something we would like to have dinner with.
He who sacrifices his conscience to ambition burns a picture to get ashes.
Either lead or follow or get the hell out of the way.
Wear short sleeves  support your right to bare arms!
The sympathetic visitor applied his handkerchief to his eyes. "I'm their landlord," he sobbed.
She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
TEEN-TO-TEEN is a project of the non-profit organization Sites for Education and Culture.
My grandma says she has eyes in the back of her head... I hope it's not hereditary.
If you butter a cat's back, what side would it land on?
The first card I get is from someone I've missed.
Aussie Kiss: Similar to a French Kiss, but given down under.
Two drunks were walking home along the railway tracks.
The Weakest Link: Which calendar month is named after the first Roman Emperor, Caesar Augustus ?
About a week later, the Lord stops by to see the cat and finds him snoozing on the pillow.
Superior firepower is invaluable when negotiations start.
Remember folks: Stop lights timed for 35mph are also timed for 70mph.
Bill Clinton: the only man who can turn attention away from one of his sex scandals with another sex scandal!
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
I know you are neither, but do you prefer midget, or dwarf?
And if one bad cluster should accidentally fail...
Power outage at a department store yesterday, twenty people were trapped on the escalators.
Brendan - quiet and sweet, gets beaten up all the time.
He brings a lot of joy whenever he leaves the room.
This page was last updated on Friday, 29 March 2002.
What a bummer. All for retailing pussy in a residential area.
Any VDU, from the cheapest to the most expensive, will protect a twenty cent fuse by blowing first.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
Impotent.......................Distinguished, well known.
Man who fishes in other man's well often catches crabs.
I'm busier than a one-eyed cat watching two mouseholes.
I used to work for a factory that made fire hydrants, but you couldn't park anywhere near the place.
Any order that can be misunderstood will be misunderstood.
Wyoming: Where Men Are Men ... and the sheep are scared!!!
Kimberley - wants to be a bloke, drinks like a bloke, farts like a bloke and wears a wig.
If you typed the page address in the Address bar, make sure that it is spelled correctly.
Ever since I was a kid, I've always been a real deep thinker and stuff.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why give it a chance?
Why do 'overlook and 'oversee' mean opposite things?
Four out five people think the fifth is an idiot.
Sorry I missed church, I've been busy practising witchcraft and becoming a lesbian.
I volunteer to be the permanent teacher for the Junior High School class.
Ask me about micro waving cats for fun and profit.
As far as I'm concerned, treachery will sometimes bring loyalty into question.
There is an old proverb that says just about anything you want it to.
Foods used for medicinal purposes have no calories.
The art of medicine consists of amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
When they give you a fine dinner, they forget about drinks.
If it's tourist season, Why can't we shoot them?
Poker rules supplement: a .44 Magnum beats 4 aces.
Most people would rather die than think; in fact, they do so.
Twenty-three is the best age because you know the person FOREVER by then.
There's two theories to arguin' with a woman. Neither one works.
You're actually going to do something. Can I watch?
When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?
A man was handing down the family business to his son.
How come there's only one Monopolies Commission?
Philosophers do it. Or do they do it? And if they do do it, why do they do it?
I've talked with brick walls that are more interesting than you!
The stupid blonde because the other two don't exist.
Marriage - is an expensive way of getting your laundry done for free.
The road to success is always under construction.
Meets quality standards: compiles without errors.
On a disposable razor: Do not use this product during an earthquake.
I like your approach, now let's see your departure.
I bought a banjo, no strings attached. Or: I bought a tennis racket, no strings attached.
Whoever follows a crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
Your Approach: Tell her you love to travel and spend quiet evenings with friends.
I collided with a stationary car going the other way.
Engineers: Often wrong, but with plenty of calculations to back themselves up.
We cook: they eat. We clean: they dirty. We iron: they wrinkle.
I had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
Better to face a danger once than be always in fear.
If you add a link to DuJour, we will gladly add yours.
C:\CLINTON\TRUTH.COM not found. Abort, Retry, Impeach?
Blessed are the Fundamentalists, for they shall inhibit the earth.
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard.
If you can remember the 60s, then you weren't there.
IBM: The stupidity goes in when the name goes on.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're a jackass.
It only requires learning to appreciate, respect and trust humor as she did.
Vacuum up loose fur (the cat's). Apply bandages to wounds (yours).
When all else fails, try the boss[singlequote]s suggestion.
A magnifying glass can start a fire even on an overcast day.
My best job was being a musician, but eventually I found I wasn't noteworthy.
Like this Web page? Why not tell someone about it?
The smallest light can penetrate the greatest darkness.
I plan to be a late bloomer - it's the only chance I've got.
He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword.
Despite my car having windows, it still isn't mouse driven !
An unmarried man has no buttons on his shirt. A married man has no shirt.
Computer and car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm a schitzophrenic, and so am I.
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when it comes to love.
What do you call OJ Simpson, David Koresh, and Mike Tyson?
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
How do blondes protect themselves from Peeping Toms?
The secrecy of my job prevents me from knowing what I do.
He is assigned to help the other monks in copying the old texts by hand.
Babies are God's opinion that the world should go on.
The difference between ideas and results is a good manager.
In case of rapture, this office will be empty. With the possible exception of the guy in accounting.
Out here in the fields...I fight for my meals...!
The sign said "eight items or less." So I changed my name to Les.
Make sure you stand for something, or you're liable to fall for anything.
PERSONAL DAYS: Each employee will receive 104 personal days a year - they are called Saturday Sunday.
You get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster.
When the pin is pulled, Mr. grenade is not our friend.
Knowledge is power - if you know it about the right person.
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms of their hands.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
I tried sniffing coke once, but the ice cube kept getting stuck in my nose.
Sarah - hangs around with the wrong crowd, Kinky in bed, loves porn.
I'll bet you can't stop reading here ........................ See, I knew it!
A cement mixer collided with a prison van...motorists are asked to be on the lookout for sixteen hardened criminals.
Cheops' Law: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
Little know facts that are interesting but useless.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
You've been in a bus where half the people riding are outside the bus.
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again.
In the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared minds.
Certain portions of this site use Real Networks Player, Macromedia Flash and Apple Quicktime.
Vegetables aren't food. Vegetables are what food eats.
It was recently discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
If a "fatal" error is made with the E-mail I sent, does that mean I killed somebody?
She got in and crossed her legs, forcing the habit to open and reveal a leg.
I took my cat in for a cat scan. The diagnosis? It's a cat.
If you sing country music backwards, you get your job and your wife back.
In response to the points list for men. Relationships are two-way streets, you know.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
If you think being meek is weak, try being meek for a week.
Did you hear about the time the bass player locked his keys in the car?
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Teaching is the fine art of imparting knowledge without possessing it.
Many people lose their tempers merely by seeing you keep yours.
Those whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
Itsdifficulttobeverycreativewithonlyfiftysevencharacters!
For any problem there is a solution that is simple, quick, and ultimately worse than the problem.
Elephant suit but its always groping the customers.
Computer Terminology as Defined by Indian Movie Titles.
The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy.
Poise is the act of raising the eyebrows instead of the roof.
Bradley's Bromide If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee--that will do them in.
Viewer discretion may be advised, but it's never really expected.
According to the IRS, what you seize is what you get.
After announcing his invention, the scientist was taken outside and beaten up by a large group of men.
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOUR MOM AND DAD HAVE IN COMMON?
Why don't they make the whole plane out of that stuff?
Sleep: That fleeting moment just before the alarm goes off.
How many Baptists does it take to change a light bulb?
History is a selective interpretation of events designed to justify those currently in power.
They say you can't take it with you... But they also can't come and get it!
I cant remember if I'm the good twin or the bad one.
Puzzled by this surprising situation, the cop walks to the car and knocks at the window.
A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light.
If at first you don't suceed skydiving is not for you.
The only time a woman wishes she was older is when she is expecting.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Great minds have purposes, little minds have wishes.
The obscure we see eventually; the completely apparent takes a little longer.
Snowflakes are some of nature's most fragile things, but just look what happens when they stick together.
Do people in Australia call the rest of the world "up over"?
Cats know that energy can neither be created nor destroyed and will, therefore, use as little energy as possible.
Is it true cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?
All you need to be a fisherman is patience and bait.
Any manufacturer making his warranties dependent upon the device being earthed will only supply power cabling with two wires.
He's not dead, he's electroencephalgraphically challenged.
The little boy said, "Well Lady he can dish it out but he can't take it.
Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
I can only please one person a day, and today ain't your day...(tomorrow ain't looking good, either.
The meaning of life: we are all here because it was too crowded where we were supposed to go.
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
She meets the boxer, they're in the bed, suddenly the man gets up and starts putting his clothes on.
Save the whales! Trade them for valuable prizes!
Average age of top GM executives in 1994: 49.8 years. Average age of the Rolling Stones: 50.6.
A husband is someone who takes out the trash and gives the impression he just cleaned the whole house.
Carol - into everything you've only ever read about. Coin-operated.
Yes men: Fellows who hang around the man nobody noes.
If you're going to make a parachute jump, you should be at least how high?
Never question authority. It doesn't know either.
You can quietly enjoy a car ride from the passenger's seat.
WIN.COM halted; Bill Gates was wrong - 640K is not enough.
It may be that perpetual peace can only be brought about by perpetual war.
Is it my imagination, or do buffalo wings taste like chicken?
What do you do when you see an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants?
It was nice meeting you and it's even nicer to see you leave.
What would happen if I put flat paint on a curved surface?
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.
Flea market: What happens when the grocery store catches fire.
GYPSY DWARF ESCAPES JAIL: Small Medium at Large...
Her head continued to bounce on the ground and the horse didn't even stop or slow down.
It's better to be quiet and thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.
Would you give your right arm to be ambidextrous?
Before you take off, the stewardess tells you to fasten your Velcro.
Looks like someone had an extra bowl of bitch flakes this morning!
He wasn't his mother's favorite, and he was an only child.
MoonDragon Humor: You May Be the Parent of a Teenager If...
If I worked as much as others, I would do as little as they.
Why do we say "the alarm is sounding" when an alarm goes off?
I'll be glad to help you out . . . . Which way did you come in?
This is the Captain of a US Navy ship. I say again, divert YOUR course.
Congratulations on your wedding day... too bad no one likes your husband.
What you thought was heat is actually a four-legged goose step.
A shin is a device for finding furniture in the dark.
None of them, three don't exist and the dumb blonde thought it was a gum wrapper.
Clean FUNNY Joke . com | SHIN - A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Madam, you are ugly. But, in the morning I shall be sober.
You quit trying to hold your stomach in, no matter who walks into the room.
Only a lack of imagination saves me from immobilizing myself with imaginary fears.
The person who is all wrapped up in himself is overdressed.
Before you find your handsome prince, you've got to kiss a lot of frogs.
Five out of four people have trouble with fractions.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
Just as I think I've hit bottom, somebody hands me a shovel.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third one ducked.
In creating man, God may have overestimated his ability.
Trooper, when you stopped the defendant, were your red and blue lights flashing?
The man, now getting a little nervous, asks "Are you God?
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
Downgrade your system for only 89 dollars! Install Windows!
If knees were backwards, what would chairs look like?
War doesn't determine who is right, war determines who is left.
I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Drugs lead to nowhere, but it's the scenic route.
More thoughts, axioms, questions and ponderables...
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defence.
If there's so much laborsaving machinery, why don't I have more free time?
Are you illiterate? Write to us for a free book.
Grabel's Law: 2 is not equal to 3---not even for very large values of 2.
I Still Miss You, Baby, But My Aim's Gettin' Better.
He who kneels before God can stand before anyone!
The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
Anything worth doing, is worth doing for a profit.
You feed your dog Science Diet instead of McDonald's.
If blind people wear dark glasses, why don't deaf people wear earmuffs?
If you really need an officer in a hurry, take a nap.
It's hard to drink beer and talk at the same time.
If Superman could stop bullets with his chest, why did he always duck when someone threw a gun at him?
It's starting to rain, .SQZ the animals into the .ARC !
If jail and prisoner are synonomous, why aren't jailer and prisoner?
My car might be ugly, but your daughter was in it last night.
Wanted: chambermaid in rectory. Love in, $200 a month. References required.
Please hold, a representative will annoy you shortly.
What's the difference between Telecom and Jurassic Park?
The transmission won't go into high gear and sometimes has difficulty getting out of low.
A psychologist is a person who tells you what everybody knows in a language nobody can understand.
Quantum mechanics  the dreams stuff is made of.
Bring a chainsaw, but don't use it. If anyone asks why you have it, say Just in case... mysteriously.
You're on your first visit to Japan, and you head right for the Kabuki. Why?
A prerequisite for a desired course will be offered only during the semester following the desired course.
Guy: Yowza! I never realized Hell was such a swingin' place!!
Forget the Joneses, I can't keep up with the Simpsons!
Consider what might be fertilizing the greener grass across the fence.
TEAMWORK - Means never having to take all the blame yourself.
I pointed to my eye, then to my knee, and made a raking motion.
Linux: because rebooting is for adding new hardware.
In America nobody says you have to keep the circumstances somebody else gives you.
The President of the largest steel company, Charles Schwab, died a pauper.
We're sorry, but reality is not in service at this time.
But now I'm fulfilled. . . SO MAKE ME A SANDWICH!!!
If you shine a light into a mirror, do you get twice as much light?
Leave cat hanging on drapes. Leave pill in your hair.
Climb your way to the top, that's why the curtains are there.
The stomach expands to accommodate the amount of junk food available.
Stop trying to change the things you can't accept.
What is the thinnest book in the world? Biographies of Happy women.
I bet the sparrow looks at the parrot and thinks, yes, you can talk, but LISTEN TO YOURSELF !
Censor - a man who knows more than he thinks you should.
The best defense is a strong offense, and I intend to start offending right now.
They lay awake every night wondering if there really is a dog.
The memories of my family outings are still a source of strength to me.
We don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up.
Vanguard: The person left behind to guard the van.
Never, ever mention that you can (or can't) smell the litter box.
Then the nurse hands the baby to the girl. The girl spanks it, and it cries out.
Caught masturbating on my wedding day  how low class!
C program run. C program crash. C programmer quit.
I don't care who you are, Fatso. Get the reindeer off my roof!
A courageous foe is better than a cowardly friend.
The most dangerous thing in the combat zone is an officer with a map.
Bungee Jumping: sport version of the old west custom called hanging.
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
How many Gardnerian Witches does it take to change a lightbulb?
Buses stop at bus stations, trains at train stations, my desk has a workstation.
Never wrestle with a pig: You both get all dirty, and the pig likes it.
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
I don't want to be young again, I just don't want to get any older.
Why do you go "back and forth" to town if you really must go forth before you go back?
You can't get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
I have tried relaxing but somehow I just feel better all up-tight.
Only in America... do we buy hot dogs in packages of ten and buns in packages of eight.
The following statement is true. The preceding statement was false.
Every employee comes with a brain at absolutely no additional cost.
How can one TV station have the "exclusive" accurate weather? Did they "storm" in and scoop the others?
College students. We drink more beer before 9:00 a.m. than most people drink all day!
Misspelled? Impossible...error correcting modem!
I wonder what life would have been like if you had had enough oxygen at birth.
Irritated Wife: What do you mean by coming home half drunk?
Sometimes we are not thinking about you. Live with it.
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
When being sent to the principal's office was nothing compared to the fate that awaited the student at home?
It works! Now if only I could remember what I did...
Just adding features because 'it won't hurt' -- does.
If blind people ware sunglasses, why don't deaf people ware ear muffs.
Study Art and Logic - and learn to draw your own conclusions.
It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
Flirt: A woman who thinks it's every man for herself.
If everything seems to go right, check your zipper.
Sometimes you have to look reality in the eye and deny it.
There are only two enterprises that refer to their customers as "users," and one is illegal.
Play pool. What do you have to lose, but your self-respect?
Material may not be published or reproduced in any form without prior written permission.
It is better to be 5 minutes late than dead for 5 minutes.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Where there's a will, there's an inheritance tax.
What's the ultimate doom for a leper? An epileptic fit.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
Daylight savings time - why are they saving it and where do they keep it?
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ketchup is a vegetable.
When poverty knocks at the door, love flies out the window.
Death is proven to be 99.9% fatal to all laboratory rats.
What we learn after we know it all is what counts.
If peanut butter cookies are made from peanut butter, then what are Girl Scout cookies made out of?
On your way down the banister of life, may your ass collect tons of splinters.
Of all the radio stations in Chicago...we're one of them.
Lost interest? It's so bad I've even lost apathy!
The museum boasted owning the original version of Beethoven's unfinished basement.
See a list of domains pending renewal or deletion.
A taxpayer is one who does not have to pass a Civil Service examination to work for the Government.
All I want for Christmas is a box of Smurfs and a mallet.
I don't mind coming to work, but that eight hour wait to go home is a bitch!
For a small town... this one sure has a lot of assholes.
Truth is the most valuable thing we have...so let us economize it.
NBR: No Beers Required. Someone that you'd chat up instantly in the pub. The opposite of a 10-Pinter.
I used to be a coyote, but I'm alright nooooooooooooooow!
You go to give blood and two gallons of pure lard come out.
Without electricity we would still be in the dark ages.
Busier than a 1 legged man in an butt-kicking contest.
Life is eternal and we should get a long view of it.
The sun never sets on the British Empire. But it rises every morning. The sky must get awfully crowded.
If your opponents didn't have the courtesy to "Count Off!" before beginning, assume that there's one more somewhere.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can help you look for it quicker, in a convertible.
At cafeterias, you complain that the jello is too tough.
Is reading in the bathroom considered multi-tasking?
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Cat - a small furry organism with a tropism for where it's not wanted.
If you mess with a thing long enough, it will break.
Noreen and Marty Stretch and Squish Picture Page - Fun!
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Observation: The user does not know what he wants until he sees what he gets.
When cheese gets it's picture taken, what does it say?
Sharon Stone virus............ Makes a huge initial impact, then you forget it's there.
The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many women are assigned to the project.
They're both filled with stiffs, only one's coming and one's going!
What's on your mind? If you'll forgive the exaggeration.
A clean, neat, and orderly work place is a sure sign of a sick mind.
The iron never scorches the garment until its final pressing.
Did you hear about the snake who gave birth to a bouncing baby boa?
DEFINITION: Macro - The last half of an expression of surprise: "Holy Macro".
IN PRISON.......You spend the majority of your time in an 8x10 cell.
Thou shalt realize that the house is not a prison from which to escape at thy first opportunity.
Our necessities are few but our wants are endless...
If I were a recovering sex addict, I think I would opt for group therapy.
Tact is getting your point across without stabbing someone with it.
Modern Zen for the US Military ::: Military humor  jokes.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Why is it called rush hour when it's so incredibly slow?
First Name:.............................................. Initial: .
The first thing to do when you get up in the morning is put on your Stetson.
Manhandling the open here spout on a milk container so badly that one has to resort to the 'illegal' side.
Clearly stated instructions will consistently produce multiple interpretations.
The more people they call, the less likely you are to get paid.
LiteBytes - jokes, funny pictures, humor, humour, one liners.
If you mess with something long enough it'll break.
Bohr moved in atomic circles while Schrodinger waved and Heisenberg hesitated.
You are a legend if you have a pussy in the stands at a football game.
I had to subject the subject to a series of tests.
Windows NT: The world's only 80 megabyte Solitaire game!
Nitrates.......................Cheaper than day rates.
It's a dirty job, but someone's gotta pawn it off on someone else.
Wait... I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose until you lose.
A tree never hits an automobile except in self-defence.
Person living in down-stairs flat calls up to person in the flat above.
If your in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn the headlights on?
Forty-two percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Three guys were standing before the Pearly Gates one evening.
The more you try to compete on a price basis the lower your prices will go. Your income will follow.
If at first you don't succeeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
When we have to go somewhere, absolutely anything you wear is fine. Really.
No matter how hard you try, you can't baptize cats.
Johnson's Corollary: Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the organization.
The reason I laid still was because you missed and were screwing the sheets.
Join the Marines - intervene in the country of _your_ choice.
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the victor.
They usually just lie around until they start to smell.
Chemical properties: Very active. Highly unstable.
There is someone out there watching over us...the government.
Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left.
If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
The larger the bra she wears, the dumber the guy she's talking to gets.
I have found at my age going bra-less pulls all the wrinkles out of my face.
I think so, Brain, but culottes have a tendency to ride up so.
According to Robert Mitchum, one thing has ruined more actors than drinking. What?
The mighty oak tree was once a little nut that held its ground.
I had been driving for forty years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
If croutons are stale bread, why do they come in airtight packages?
The problem with reality is that it doesn't have any background music.
Honesty pays, but not enough to satisfy some people.
If everything is going well, you don't know what the hell is going on.
If you treat them like equals it will only encourage them to think they ARE your equals.
MillionJokes.com - 1000's of searchable, rated and categorized jokes.
Please excuse Mary for being absent yesterday. She was in bed with gramps.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no life guard.
Since using your shampoo, my hair has come alive. Signed: Medusa.
Speed can kill, but around here it merely astonishes.
The worst thing about censorship is XXXXXXXXXXXX.
Motherhood: the longest guilt trip you'll ever take.
Make something idiot-proof and someone will make a better idiot.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again, it probably wasn't worth it.
If Shirley Jones married Tom Ewell, then Johnny Rotten, then Nathan Hale, shed be Shirley Ewell Rotten Hale.
Intentionally concentrating and inhaling the vapors can be harmful.
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
Answers: $1 - Correct answers: $5 - Dumb looks: Free!
Time is what keeps everything from happening all at once.
Whiskey: He doesn't give a hoot about anything but getting laid.
This product cruelly tested on defenseless furry animals.
Ever stop to think and forget to start again?Keep honking...I'm reloading.
Chris will not be in school cus he has an acre in his side.
ER: That IS a bit of a problem. Have you tried Andrews?
Hi guys, this is DOS, I bet the system's gonna crash in 2 seconds!
We're judged by what we finish, not what we start.
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
Tina - face like a smacked arse, should eat less.
The Rabbi thought a moment and asked, Did you buy this cow from Minsk?
The difficult we do immediately. Impossible takes longer.
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge, he only gargled.
Good supervision is the art of getting average people to do superior work.
What does skeletons order at a restaurant? Spare ribs!
He liked to like people, therefore people liked him.
Important letters that contain no errors will develop errors on the way to the printer.
One the other hand... you have different fingers.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission...
I've changed my mind a dozen times. It seems to work better now.
I are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.
There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a suitable application of high explosives.
Never run from your fears. Because when they catch up to you you're to tired to fight.
My computer isn't that nervous...it's just a bit ANSI.
Tact is the art of making guests feel at home when that's where you wish they were.
I just got a dog for my girlfriend; what a trade.
What do you call four bull fighters in quicksand? Quatro sinko.
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen all at once.
How to trumpet players traditionally greet each other?
Which is pretty much how most government decisions are made.
No one is as busy as the person who has nothing to do.
It's okay to wear the same thing every day: A smile.
First time I ever read the dictionary, I thought it was a poem about everything.
There are 3 types of people: those who can count and those who can't.
If you want to kill time, why not try working it to death?
All probabilities are 50%. Either a thing will happen or it won't.
What is the speed of dark? When you're sending someone Styrofoam, what do you pack it in?
Organized crime is alive and well: It's called auto insurance.
When everything comes your way, you're in the wrong lane.
And who says our controllers don't have a sense of humor?
We are NutzWorld. Resistance is futile. You will be assimilated.
Will health care be any different in the next century?
What two things in the air cause a blonde to become pregnant.....................Her Feet !!!
We are all part of the ultimate statistic-ten out of ten die.
The thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble is sex.
He who stands on toilet seat is high on pot; and he who sniffs Coke, drowns.
I'm a bit worried about the future - I went to a funeral this week - and caught the wreath.
The other is a rare photograph of Norman Rockwell beating up a child.
The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it's a cat.
Boy who go to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand.
You might be a Desi if, you spend at least 2 evenings in a week at Kmart.
Windows is for fun, Linux is for getting things done.
I had parked in the tow-away zone, and when I got back, the entire neighborhood was gone.
Body Nazis - Hard-core exercise and weight-lifting fanatics who look down on anyone who doesn't work out obsessively.
Every 4 seconds a woman has a baby. Find this woman and stop her.
Creativity is the art of concealing your sources.
Good: Your boyfriend's exercising. Bad: So he'll fit in your clothes.
If it can go wrong, fix it!!! To hell with Murphy!!!
If you carpeted all of Florida, how long would it take to vacuum it?
Forgiveness is a free gift, but you must accept it.
Saturday = sports. It's like the full moon or the changing of the tides. Let it be.
You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
Democrats occasionally make the right decisions...after they have exhausted all possibilities.
Methinks that the gene pool could use a little chlorine.
Don't try to keep up with the Joneses, drag them down to your level.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't walk around naked.
It is reported that the following edition of the Book of Genesis was discovered in the Dead Seal Scrolls.
If I Had Shot You When I Wanted To, I'd Be Out By Now.
An consultant is someone who takes a subject you understand and makes it sound confusing.
From: shhong#NoSpam.chiak.kaist.ac.kr (Hong Seongho) Theoretical Physics is a science locally isomorphic to Mathematics.
On the first day of creation, God created the cat.
Sometimes it takes a fool to rush in to get the job done.
Our lips touched, then she crossed her legs and broke my glasses.
The only important information in a hierarchy is who knows what.
A guy walked into a bar. He was treated for minor injories.
Send urgent email all in uppercase. The mail server picks it up and flags it as a rush delivery.
Lost Between "Baby Boomer" and "Generation X" If...
You can go home now. I'm sure I'll be able to finish this without you.
It's sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of wild dogs.
How to properly use sampling as a tool for wastewater treatment.
I never worry when I get lost. I just change where I want to go.
If you believe you can tell me what to think, I believe I can tell you where to go.
Welcome to Kentucky - Set your watch back 20 years.
Your friends marry and divorce instead of hook up and break up.
Your relatives and family describe your job as works with computers.
To steal information from a person is called plagiarism. To steal information from the enemy is called gathering intelligence.
In 1984, a New Jersey man opened a summer camp for Cabbage Patch dolls.
The problem with reality is a lack of background music.
The flesh can be sawed, crushed, frozen, stretched, burned, bombed, and plucked for music.
I wish the buck stopped here. I could use a few...
One day I shall burst my bud of calm and blossom forth into hysteria.
Brain: an apparatus with which we think we think.
Reintarnation: Coming back to life as a hillbilly.
Ahhh... I see the screw-up fairy has visited us again.
Toast will always land with the buttered side down.
Why are creditor's memories better than debtors?
He's dead, Jim. Spock took his tricorder, I got his wallet.
Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?
Assume capital gains are no longer taxed, because this encourages savings.
You ask the drive-through attendant if you can get your order to go.
Eventually, even the best ones get soft and lumpy.
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
I AM NOW in Yuba City and I'm still not ASHAMED!
Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.
If a turtle loses his shell, is it naked or homeless?
I'm always fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact.
Diane - enjoys company of animals. Deep as a puddle. Adds nothing to society.
The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
There are three sides to any argument: your side, my side and the right side.
Tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills.
Keep laughing at death, and eventually at least you may die laughing.
I put a dollar in one of those change machines. Nothing changed.
According to inside contacts, the Japanese banking crisis shows no signs of ameliorating.  If anything, it's getting worse.
Driver carries no cash. Wife and kids have it all.
Man: I would go to the end of the world for you.
Two hands and just one mouth... - now THAT'S a drinking problem!
You'll never know what that extra part is for until you've thrown it away.
Having a good memory is useless unless you have something good to remember.
People seldom plan to fail, but they often fail to plan.
To hell with the Baptists, I'm going to DisneyWorld!
Thou shalt not jump onto the toilet seat just as thy human is sitting down.
How come you don't ever hear about gruntled employees?
Drop it into cats mouth poke gently. Voila! It's done!
Which version of the truth would you like to hear?
FRENCH MAKE THE BEST LOVERS - the Japanese make them smaller and cheaper.
Many are absent from reality physically and/or mentally.
I can see your point, but I still think you are full of crap.
When an agnostic dies, does he go to the great perhaps?
Behind every great woman is a man telling her she's ignoring him.
Far too many people spend their lives reading the menu instead of enjoying the banquet.
Septic Tank Truck sign reads: We're #1 in the #2 business.
Now It is Time For You To Send Us YOUR Favorite Joke.
On his next visit the doctor gave him a shot, but that didn't do any good.
What we call a shark, the Germans call a volksbeiterfisch.
Quiet people aren't the only ones who don't say much.
I wasn't sleeping. I was testing the keyboard for drool resistance.
No one can get ahead of you when they're kicking you in the rear.
C:\> Bad, bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner!
Your analyst has you confused with another patient.
You can achieve a runners high by sitting up.
They don't know who Mork was or where he was from.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
Upon seeing the tear in the painting I shed a tear.
People may not always believe what you say, but they will believe what you do.
A cat is composed of Matter + Anti-Matter + It Doesn't Matter.
God made relatives - Thank God we can choose our friends!
Many people, when they run into a telephone pole, blame the pole.
He's the one standing outside the sheepskin shop with an erection.
Men like phones with lots of buttons. It makes them feel important.
Transvestite- A guy who likes to eat, drink and be Mary.
Work is accomplished by those employees who have not reached their level of incompetence.
California driving tip: To change lanes, signal with your 9mm.
Never discuss love with a tennis player, it means nothing to them.
You might be a Desi if, you frequent to yard sales every week.
Bring a small tape player with a tape of really absurd sound effects.
What's wrong? What's changed? You BECOME 21, you TURN 30, then you're PUSHING 40.
True love is not based on what you have, but it is based on who you really are.
Some minds should be cultivated, others plowed under...
When you give a waitress a "tip," the letters T-I-P stand for something. What?
And a psychiatrist calls once a week to collect the rent.
There is always an easy answer to every human problem --- neat, plausible, and wrong.
I may not be the best looking guy here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
Game theorists do it by dominance or saddle points.
I'm feeling argumentative ... please contradict me.
The computer is mightier than the pen, the sword, and usually, the programmer.
If you love what you do you'll never work another day in your life.
Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
Do not attribute to poor spelling that which is actually poor typing...
A face without freckles is like a sky without stars.
Never date philosophy majors. My last girlfriend was one and she spent her time proving I didn't exist.
My Dad told me this joke many years ago and it is based on a supposedly true story.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery. If flattery gets you nowhere, try bribery.
Isn't is a shame Christmas comes at a time of year when the stores are so crowded?
If I want your stupid opinion, I'll beat it out of you.
You walk to work and find your dress is stuck in the back of your pantyhose.
Anyone can be a civilian. You don't even have to take a physical.
No matter how good she looks, some other guy is sick and tired of putting up with her crap.
Is it a coincidence that the only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable?
If you ain't makin' waves, you ain't kickin' hard enough!
If you spray hair spray on dust bunnies and run over them with roller blades, they can ignite.
Illegal aliens are an American problem. Ask any Indian.
Live a clean, healthy life and soon die of boredom.
You know that Agent Orange wasn't a clandestine talent scout.
If this isn't war, why is CNN massing on the border?
You wouldn't worry so much about what others thing of you if you knew how seldom they did.
What's the hardest thing about doing a sex-change operation on a man?
Don[singlequote]t get lost in the shuffle, shuffle along with the lost.
We pretend to work because they pretend to pay us.
The White guy went first. He jumps and then screamed, "I'm an eagle!!!!!" He magically changed and flew away.
Only one, but he'll go through a whole box of bulbs before he finds just the right one.
How can overlook and oversee be opposites, while quite a lot and quite a bit are alike?
I don't even have confidence in history, much less forecasts.
If you can't beat your computer at chess, try kick-boxing.
Mrs. Joan Johnson, the wife of a preacher who had just passed away.
We believe these facts to be true, we also believe in Santa Claus.
If god had not intended for us to eat animals he would not have made them of meat.
The engineer took the frog out of his pocket, smiled at it and returned it to the pocket.
Close your eyes and try to imagine how little I care.
Remember, pain is nature's way of reminding you who's in charge.
I got a garage door opener. It can't close. Just open.
Factorials were someone's attempt to make math *look* exciting.
How do "Do not walk on the grass" signs get there?
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
Artery.........................The study of paintings.
Happiness is like perfume: You can't give it away without getting a little on yourself.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "good doggie" while looking for a bigger stick.
DEFINITION: Memory Map - A sheet of paper showing location of computer store.
Psychiatrists say 1 of 4 people are mentally ill. Check 3 friends. If they're OK, you're it.
The first rule of holes: If you are in one, stop digging.
Well you never see a bunny wearing glasses, do you?
I am a nobody, and nobody is perfect; therefore I am perfect.
Mosquito: an insect that makes you like flies better.
He who deeply desires honor is not usually worth of it.
Copyright1997, 1998 Robin L. Olson, Robin's Web, All Rights Reserved.
I! Finally! Figured! Out! How! To! Punctuate! Kirk's! Sentences!
Each problem solved introduces a new unsolved problem.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
If your nose runs and your feet smell, are you built upside down?
Why does one get in trouble for wreckLESS driving?
EnricoSuave/Henry Velez articles are Copyrighted, 1996-1999.
If we weren't supposed to eat animals, how come they are made of meat?
Wild Animalsssss-Hey! Lets Go Ride Our Bikes!
Some people are, through no fault of their own, sane.
Always put the important before the merely urgent.
Husband: U know, wife, our son got his brain from me.
You're just upset because your butt is beginning to spread.
I've got plenty of lead in my pencil... but none in my tank.
Saint Peter went back. All of a sudden Saint Peter comes running back to God and exclaimed "their gone".
Oh look! Monkey. And he has a little hat... and little pants.
Never wink at the dealer especially if he's the same sex.
By trying to please everybody, somebody will be displeased.
My kid sold the test answers to your honors student.
It is strong enough however to spread paint on all four walls of a 20 by 20 foot room.
It's sick the way you people keep having sex without me.
Optometrist's office: If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place.
No one is ever totally useless. They can always serve as a bad example.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Whatever it is that's eating you, it must be suffering horribly.
There is nothing wrong with people possessing riches. The wrong comes when riches possess people.
Patient has chest pain if she lies on her left side for over a year.
Win if you can, lose if you must, but always cheat.
When Fate gets nauseous, my life is always the bucket!
What's my other choice? Wrestling a crocodile underwater?
Mummy are you sure this is the way to make meat pie?
ARTIFICIAL INSEMINATION: Procreation without recreation.
Outstanding record as Governor of Rhode Island nullified by the fact that no one really cares.
Smith  Wesson - The original point and click interface.
Auditors -- People who go in after the war is lost to bayonet the wounded.
There is no room for God in my world. Probably why he has a nice place of his own.
The Danish Chancellor of the Exchequer. Behind him the PM.
After a flawless demonstration, you will trip on your way back to your seat.
When angry, count to ten; when very angry, count to a hundred.
The other one argued, "No silly! Those are wolf tracks!" They fought over it.
Tired of your stupid parents always harrasing you?
Once something is messed up, anything done to improve it makes it worse.
It was especially difficult for his loved ones to bury this very famous member of the family.
A lecture on time travel will be held yesterday.
Why do they only have 30 minutes for lunch in Ireland?
All I ask for is an opportunity to prove that money doesn't buy happiness.
Consider the following: The ark was built by amateurs, the Titanic was built by professionals.
I'm no stranger, just a friend you haven't met...
Corn borers are selectively attracted to the hybrid with the weakest stalks.
The wise are pleased when they discover the truth; fools are pleased when they discover falsehood.
By the time you can make ends meet they move the ends.
What should you do if you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant?
Don't assume malice for what stupidity can explain.
If at first you don't succeed, put it out for beta test.
How do you keep little black kids from jumping on the bed?
Since I took up exercise I have the energy of a man twice my age.
So I've changed my will and left everything to myself.
Greed captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit.
People don't plan to fail- they just fail to plan.
Jewish Pagans are like regular Pagans. We believe in the Mother Goddess, we just feel guilty about not calling.
Don't think you're on the right road just because it's a well-beaten path.
Never agree to plastic surgery if the doctor's office is full of portraits by Picasso.
Be yourself. No one can ever tell you you're doing it wrong.
It's not falling that hurts... it's the hitting the ground!
Sweetheart: I'm buttoning my blouse. Now I'm putting on my shoes.
Elvis is dead, and I'm not feeling so marvelous myself.
Doing nothing makes you tired 'cause you can't take a break.
The only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
The only proctologist in the plan is Gus from Roto-Rooter.
A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers.
It is considered in bad taste to discuss two subjects at nudist camps. One is politics. What is the other?
Remember in prayer the many who are sick of our community.
I've always been unlucky. I had a rocking horse once, and it died.
That shirt looks very becoming on you, but if I were on you I'd be coming, too.
I am Dangerfield of Borg. Respect is irrelevant.
Half of the world's misery comes from ignorance. The other half comes from intelligence.
Your social security number only has three digits.
If you are wondering what is wrong with the kids of today, take a look at their parents.
Ten men down, and the piper plays on................
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good with ketchup.
Seminars: derived from 'semi' and 'arse'; hence, any half-assed discussion.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
In Iraq: Please don't water the plants, or the microphones will rust.
Do they have a reserved parking for non-handicap people at the Special Olympics?
At My Age, "Getting Lucky" Means Finding My Car In The Parking Lot!
Rachel - amazing gravity defying breasts, can grip a tenner in her arsecheeks.
Sits he on ever so high a throne, a man still sits on his bottom.
Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition.
E=mc2 Very good, Albert. Next time show your work.
Anyone who says 'Easy as taking candy from a baby' has never tried it.
If you were cheated by the Better Business Bureau, to whom would you complain?
You no longer think of speed limits as a challenge.
In politics you can often be wrong but never in doubt.
Okay, I pulled the pin. Now what? Where are you going?
The affection of your dog is proportional to the wetness of it's paws.
Every time you open your mouth, some idiot starts talking.
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
Theory of relativity: the more relatives are visiting you, the slower the time passes.
Another smooth escape disguised as a dramatic exit.
In any complete list, the most important item will be left off.
He said... It's not my fault...I ran out of money.
A pessimist is a man who feels that all women are bad.
Beers have commercials making fun of skunky ones.
DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION SO THAT IT CAN DEFEND YOU !
Dyslexics. Try deliberately spelling words wrongly. This way at least you have a chance of spelling them correctly.
Windows 95 will be released as soon as Windows 3.1 finishes loading.
If at first you don't succeed, create an NT version.
Try to keep an open mind, but not so open your brains fall out!
Sits on your newspaper in the morning and carefully reads the coded message that Garfield sends out every day.
It is a pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
If your computer says, "Printer out of Paper," this problem cannot be resolved by continuously clicking the "OK" button.
Either I've been missing something, or nothing has been going on.
If all else fails, immortality can be assured by spectacular error.
Don't meet trouble halfway; it's quite capable of making the whole journey.
R. Reichenbach, assistant chief, Spring Lake Fire Department, Spring Lake, N.C.
Why lightens the sun our hair, but darkens our skin?
Grelb's Reminder: Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
A crate of UZI's, a carton of whiskey...lets go to Disneyland!
Ferengi/IRS:sound that same? I wonder WHYYYY?!?!
Tastes like chicken keep on licking. Tastes like trout get the fuck out!
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad at drive-through ATM's?
No man is lonely while eating spaghetti - it requires so much attention.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Pardon me but, do you think the shower curtain rod would support my weight?
What's the difference between a drummer and a drum machine?
If life gives you lemons, squeeze the juice into a watergun and shoot other people in the eyes.
How do you know which armrest is yours in the movie theaters?
The pastor could hardly believe how beautiful it looked and it covered up the entire problem area.
Hire teen-agers while they still know everything.
There will always be death and taxes. However, death doesn't get worse every year.
The number of different hypotheses erected to explain a given biological phenomenon is inversely proportional to the available knowledge.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.
Never trust a man with short legs ... His brain is too near his ass.
If it walks out of the refrigerator, leave it alone.
When the Lone Ranger finished with a case, he left something behind. What?
Why do they say "an alarm going off," if it is really going on?
Use this link to E-mail this page to your friends!!
How can you tell if a Blonde has been using your computer?
It's lonely at the top, but you eat better. Reality? That's where the pizza delivery guy comes from!
He said - Since I first laid eyes on you, I've wanted to make love to you really badly.
I refuse to engage in an intellectual battle with an unarmed man.
Child (whisper): No, he's busy, whispered the child.
I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget.
I must have a rapier wit; everyone keeps parrying.
Four, one to hold the pot, and three to act macho and shake the stove.
Eschew obfuscation. Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
If I'd wanted your opinion I'd have asked you to fill out the necessary forms.
WARNING!! Vehicle frequently stops and backs over idiots like you.
The Freudian Virus causes your PC to become obscessed with its own motherboard.
Why isn't "palindrome" spelled the same way backwards?
I am, therefore I am (I don't draw conclusions).
Television will never replace the newspaper. You can't swat a fly with a rolled-up TV.
When he came to the fountain of knowledge, he merely gargled.
Know why it takes over two million sperm to fertilize one egg?
You ask me one more growing older question, Peter...and I'll give you a gesture you'll never forget!
God Bless America, but God help Canada to put up with them!
The only difference between an oral and rectal thermometer is the taste.
I took a physics course that was so hard I couldn't find the classroom.
When you erase a word with a pencil, where does it go?
I don't have a license to kill but I do have a learners permit.
Life is like a box of chocolates; you never know when you'll find a nut.
Two, one to change the bulb and one to write about how it felt.
What is the difference between a slim chance and a fat chance?
I'm not completely worthless, I can always serve as a bad example.
When she's melting down her wedding ring to cast it into a bullet.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
It can't get out of control because it already is out of control.
Verbosity: Refuge Of Those With Nothing Original To Say.
Have you read my #1 best seller? There will be a test.
A little later, he gives her a peck on the cheek, and says, 'In America, we call this a kiss'....
St. Peter is taking a much-needed break, so an angel is admitting the newly arrived to Heaven.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
He said, Your horse was in such bad shape I had to shoot her.
My honor student will be your kid's boss. And payback's a BITCH!
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
File not found: Loading something that looked similar.
Anybody can talk about statistics, I can cite them.
Money can't buy you happiness -- but neither can poverty!
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
When cows laugh, does milk come out of THEIR noses?
How can you tell soap operas are fictional? Their target audience is women.
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb?
Filing cabinet: A place where you lose things alphabetically.
This car is rust free - the dealer didn't charge for it.
Honeymoon Salad: Lettuce alone, with no dressing.
You cannot tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
Owen - cute gay guy who is immature, and sings Welsh songs.
Both spend more time in your wallet than on your pecker.
Given enough time, any relationship will end unhappily.
He tossed the ball into the air. When it came down he swung again and missed. "Strike Two!" he cried.
Early bird gets the worm, but the second worm gets to live.
The fellow who can smile when things go wrong is probably just going off shift.
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins.
There are 3 blokes, a butcher, a hairdresser, and a council worker and they are wondering who invented the fanny.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.
What's the best way to force a man to do sit-ups?
When everything is coming your way you are probably on a one-way street.
Him?? Oh, he was playing leapfrog with a unicorn.....
He who seeks for applause only from without has all his happiness in another's keeping.
A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak.
HOW WOULD THE WORLD BE DIFFERENT IF PEOPLE DIDN'T GET MARRIED?
I got myself good this morning too. I did my pushups in the nude; I didn't see the mouse trap.
A detective can only solve a case once he has been suspended from duty.
Then I took the garden hose and watered the bushes.
When they saw their church, it was very run down and needed much work.
Adolescence is the age at which children stop asking questions because they know all the answers.
Keep your nose to the grindstone and your shoulder to the wheel...it's cheaper than plastic surgery.
If you think all day about the next pussy you will have, you are normal.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Tommy: OK. (He returned a few minutes later). Yes, I saw the sky.
It always happens but we never expect the unexpected.
Birds of a feather that flock together make a good target.
What's the definition of a gynaecologist? A man who works and operates in another man's field.
The devil is absolutely furious, he can hardly see straight. Finally he comes up with the answer.
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl.
How do you know when men are about to say something smart?
Those who do not learn from the past will repeat it.
Men are neither suddenly rich nor suddenly good.
All the insurance machines in the terminal are sold out.
Remember, life is just a phase you're going through..you'll get over it.
Just when you thought you weren't getting enough credit-card solicitations....
It's Always Darkest Before... Daylight Savings Time.
If you are close enough to read this, I am close enough to slam on my brakes and sue you.
Politics: From the Greek "poli" meaning "many", and "tics" meaning blood-sucking parasite.
Faith is not faith until it's all you're holding on to.
There are always death and taxes; however, death doesn't get worse every year.
If procrastinators had a club would they ever have a meeting?
Make something foolproof, and they just come up with a better fool.
One minute shut mouth worth one Hour explanation.
I have lived through the sixties, seventies, eighties and nineties. Am I now about to live through the noughties?
Our boy friend's clothes make us look elfin and gorgeous. Guys look like complete idiots in ours.
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why people appear bright until you hear them speak?
Remember, a chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
It's 11:00 p.m., do you know what your cats are shredding?
We are verses out of rhythm, couplets out of rhyme.
Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant.
Don't ask the Roulette guy if the French wheel was imported.
He used to be fairly indecisive, but now he's not so certain.
I like this one, even if I don't agree with all of these.
For people who like peace and quiet: A phoneless cord!
Don't ask the dealer about the odds on strip poker.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure can RENT a lot!
If you like the food, the resturaunt will close down.
On this version of the ecard, we've saved you time by typing in a basic Gospel message.
Vacuuming is so much more fun when the hamsters are loose.
He fell out of the Stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down.
If men got pregnant.... abortion would be available in convienience stores and drive-through windows.
What's the definition of a Soviet string quartet? A Soviet symphony orchestra after a tour of the USA.
Shut up son or I'll nail the other foot to the floor.
And the No. 1 Thing You Don't Want to Hear From Tech Support ...
These are the jokes that I like, there arent many here now because I've just started this page.
Why does the person that snores always fall asleep first?
She won't last forever, so why give her a diamond?
Exam of genitalia reveals that he is circus sized.
Why do women pay more attention to their appearance than to improving their minds?
I'm not normally a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman!
